WER: 0.1586

REF: and detailing police in civilian clothes to be scattered throughout the sizable crowd.
HYP: and detailing police in civilian clothes to be scattered throughout the sizeable crowd.

REF: When President and Mrs. Kennedy shook hands with members of the public along the fences surrounding the reception area, they were closely guarded by Secret Service agents
HYP: When President and Mrs. Kennedy shook hands with members of the public along the fences surrounding the reception area, they were closely guarded by Secret Service agents.

REF: who responded to the unplanned event with dispatch.
HYP: Who responded to the implied event with dispatch?

REF: As described in chapter 2, the President directed that his car stop on two occasions during the motorcade so that he could greet members of the public.
HYP: As described in Chapter 2, the president directed that his car stopped on two occasions during the motorcade so that he could greet members of the public.

REF: At these stops, agents from the Presidential follow-up car stood between the President and the public,
HYP: At these stops, agents from the presidential follow-up car stood between the president and the public.

REF: and on one occasion Agent Kellerman left the front seat of the President's car to take a similar position.
HYP: And on one occasion, Agent Kellerman left the front seat of the president's car to take a similar position.

REF: The Commission regards such impromptu stops as presenting an unnecessary danger,
HYP: The commission regards such impromptu stops as presenting an unnecessary danger.

REF: but finds that the Secret Service agents did all that could have been done to take protective measures.
HYP: but finds that the Secret Service agents did all that could have been done to take protective measures.

REF: The Presidential limousine.
HYP: Thank you.

REF: The limousine used by President Kennedy in Dallas was a convertible with a detachable, rigid plastic "bubble" top
HYP: The limousine used by President Kennedy in Dallas was a convertible with the detachable rigid plastic bubble top.

REF: which was neither bulletproof nor bullet resistant.
HYP: Which was neither bulletproof nor bulletproof.

REF: The last Presidential vehicle with any protection against small-arms fire left the White House in 1953.
HYP: The last presidential vehicle with any protection against small arms fire left the White House in 1953.

REF: It was not then replaced because the state of the art did not permit the development of a bulletproof top of sufficiently light weight
HYP: It was not then replaced because the state of the art did not commit the development of a bullet who was not a sufficiently light weight.

REF: to permit its removal on those occasions when the President wished to ride in an open car.
HYP: to permit its removal on those occasions where the president wished to ride in an open car.

REF: The Secret Service believed that it was very doubtful that any President would ride regularly in a vehicle with a fixed top, even though transparent.
HYP: The Secret Service believed that it was very doubtful that any president would drive regularly in a vehicle with a fixed stop, even though transparency.

REF: Since the assassination, the Secret Service, with the assistance of other Federal agencies and of private industry,
HYP: Since the assassination, the Secret Service, with the assistance of other federal agencies and the private industry...

REF: has developed a vehicle for the better protection of the President.
HYP: has developed a vehicle for the better protection of the president.

REF: Access to passenger compartment of Presidential car.
HYP: Access to passenger compartment of presidential cars.

REF: On occasion the Secret Service has been permitted to have an agent riding in the passenger compartment with the President.
HYP: On occasion, the Secret Service has been committed to have an agent driving in the passenger compartment with the President.

REF: Presidents have made it clear, however, that they did not favor this or any other arrangement which interferes with the privacy of the President and his guests.
HYP: Presidents have made it clear, however, that they did not favor this or any other arrangement, which interferes with the privacy of the president and his guests.

REF: The Secret Service has therefore suggested this practice only on extraordinary occasions.
HYP: The Secret Service has therefore suggested this practice only on extraordinary occasions.

REF: Without attempting to prescribe or recommend specific measures which should be employed for the future protection of Presidents,
HYP: without attempting to prescribe or recommend specific measures which should be employed for the future protection of presidents.

REF: the Commission does believe that there are aspects of the protective measures employed in the motorcade at Dallas which deserve special comment.
HYP: The Commission has believed that there are aspects of the protective measures employed in the motorcade at Dallas, which deserve special comment.

REF: The Presidential vehicle in use in Dallas, described in chapter 2,
HYP: The presidential vehicle in Houston, Dallas, described in Chapter 2.

REF: had no special design or equipment which would have permitted the Secret Service agent riding in the driver's compartment
HYP: had no special design or equipment which would have committed to secret service agents riding in the driver's compartment.

REF: to move into the passenger section without hindrance or delay. Had the vehicle been so designed it is possible that an agent riding in the front seat
HYP: To move into the passenger section without hindrance or delay, has the vehicle been so designed? It is possible that an agent riding in the front seat...

REF: could have reached the President in time to protect him from the second and fatal shot to hit the President.
HYP: ...could have reached the president in time to protect him from the second and fatal shock to hit the president...

REF: However, such access to the President was interfered with both by the metal bar some 15 inches above the back of the front seat
HYP: However, such access to the president was interfered with by the metal bar some 15 inches above the back of the front seat.

REF: and by the passengers in the jump seats.
HYP: and by the passengers in the jump seat.

REF: In contrast, the Vice Presidential vehicle, although not specially designed for that purpose,
HYP: In contrast, the vice presidential vehicle, although not specially designed for that purpose...

REF: had no passenger in a jump seat between Agent Youngblood and Vice President Johnson to interfere with Agent Youngblood's ability
HYP: had no passenger in a jump seat between Agent Youngblood and Vice President Johnson to interfere with Agent Youngblood's ability.

REF: to take a protective position in the passenger compartment before the third shot was fired.
HYP: to take a protective position in the passenger compartment before the third shot is fired.

REF: The assassination suggests that it would have been of prime importance
HYP: The assassination suggests that it would have been of prime importance.

REF: in the protection of the President if the Presidential car permitted immediate access to the President by a Secret Service agent at the first sign of danger.
HYP: In the protection of the president, if the presidential car permitted immediate access to the president by a secret service agent at the first sign of danger.

REF: At that time the agents on the framing boards of the follow-up car were expected to perform such a function.
HYP: At that time, the agents on the framing boards of the follow-up car were expected to perform such a function.

REF: However, these agents could not reach the President's car when it was traveling at an appreciable rate of speed.
HYP: However, these agents could not reach the president's car when it was traveling at an appreciable rate of speed.

REF: Even if the car is traveling more slowly, the delay involved in reaching the President may be crucial.
HYP: Even if the car is traveling more slowly, the delay involved in reaching the presidency may be crucial.

REF: It is clear that at the time of the shots in Dallas, Agent Clinton J. Hill leaped to the President's rescue as quickly as humanly possible.
HYP: It is clear that at the time of the shots in Dallas, Agent Quentin J. Hill left to the president's rescue as quickly as humanly possible.

REF: Even so, analysis of the motion picture films taken by amateur photographer Zapruder
HYP: Even so, analysis of the motion picture films taken by amateur photographers of Pluto.

REF: reveals that Hill first placed his hand on the Presidential car at frame 343, 30 frames
HYP: reveals that he'll first place his hand on the presidential card at 3, 3, 43, 30 frames.

REF: and therefore approximately 1.6 seconds after the President was shot in the head.
HYP: I'm there for approximately 1.6 seconds after the president was shot in the head.

REF: About 3.7 seconds after the President received this wound,
HYP: About 3.7 seconds after the president received this form.

REF: Hill had both feet on the car and was climbing aboard to assist President and Mrs. Kennedy.
HYP: Bill had both feet on the car and was climbing aboard to assist President and Mrs. Kennedy.

REF: Planning for motorcade contingencies.
HYP: Thank you.

REF: In response to inquiry by the Commission regarding the instructions to agents in a motorcade
HYP: In response to inquiry by the Commission regarding the instructions to agents in a motor phase...

REF: of emergency procedures to be taken in a contingency such as that which actually occurred, the Secret Service responded, quote,
HYP: of emergency procedures to be taken in a contingency such as that which actually occurred. The Secret Service responded, quote,

REF: The Secret Service has consistently followed two general principles in emergencies involving the President.
HYP: The Secret Service has consistently followed the general principles in emergencies involving the president.

REF: All agents are so instructed.
HYP: All agents are so instructed.

REF: The first duty of the agents in the motorcade is to attempt to cover the President as closely as possible and practicable
HYP: The first duty of the agents in the motorcade is to attempt to cover the president as closely as possible and practicable.

REF: and to shield him by attempting to place themselves between the President and any source of danger.
HYP: and to shield him by attempting to place themselves between the president and any source of danger.

REF: Secondly, agents are instructed to remove the President as quickly as possible from known or impending danger.
HYP: Secondly, agents are instructed to remove the president as quickly as possible from no more impending danger.

REF: Agents are instructed that it is not their responsibility to investigate or evaluate a present danger,
HYP: Agents are instructed that it is not their responsibility to investigate or evaluate the present danger.

REF: but to consider any untoward circumstances as serious and to afford the President maximum protection at all times.
HYP: but to consider any untoward circumstances as serious and to afford the president maximum protection at all times.

REF: No responsibility rests upon those agents near the President for the identification or arrest of any assassin or an attacker.
HYP: No responsibility rests upon those agents who need a president for the identification or arrest of any assassin or an attacker.

REF: Their primary responsibility is to stay with and protect the President.
HYP: Their primary responsibility is to stay with and protect the president.

REF: Beyond these two principles the Secret Service believes a detailed contingency or emergency plan is not feasible
HYP: Beyond these two principles, the Secret Service believes a detailed contingency or emergency plan is not feasible.

REF: because the variations possible preclude effective planning.
HYP: because the variation is possible for food effective planning.

REF: A number of steps are taken, however, to permit appropriate steps to be taken in an emergency.
HYP: A number of steps are taken, however, to permit appropriate steps to be taken in an emergency.

REF: For instance, the lead car always is manned by Secret Service agents familiar with the area and with local law enforcement officials;
HYP: For instance, the lead car always is manned by secret service agents familiar with the area and with local law enforcement officials.

REF: the radio net in use in motorcades is elaborate and permits a number of different means of communication with various local points.
HYP: The radio net in use in motorcades is elaborate and permits a number of different means of communication with various local points.

REF: A doctor is in the motorcade.
HYP: A doctor is in the motor.

REF: This basic approach to the problem of planning for emergencies is sound.
HYP: This basic approach to the problem of planning for emergencies is sound.

REF: Any effort to prepare detailed contingency plans might well have the undesirable effect of inhibiting quick and imaginative responses.
HYP: Any effort to prepare detailed contingency plans might well have the undesirable effect of inhibiting quick and imaginative responses.

REF: If the advance preparation is thorough, and the protective devices and techniques employed are sound,
HYP: If the advanced preparation is thorough and the protective devices and techniques of 4-yard sound.

REF: those in command should be able to direct the response appropriate to the emergency. The Commission finds that the Secret Service agents in the motorcade
HYP: Those in command should be able to direct the response appropriate to the emergency. The commission finds that the secret service agents in the motorcade...

REF: who were immediately responsible for the President's safety reacted promptly at the time the shots were fired.
HYP: who were immediately responsible for the president's safety, reacted promptly at the time the shots were fired.

REF: Their actions demonstrate that the President and the Nation can expect courage and devotion to duty from the agents of the Secret Service.
HYP: Their actions demonstrate that the president and the nation can expect courage and devotion to duty from the agents of the Secret Service.

REF: Recommendations.
HYP: Thank you.

REF: The Commission's review of the provisions for Presidential protection at the time of President Kennedy's trip to Dallas demonstrates the need for substantial improvements.
HYP: The Commission's review of the provisions for presidential protection at the time of President Kennedy's trip to Dallas demonstrates the need for substantial improvement.

REF: Since the assassination, the Secret Service and the Department of the Treasury
HYP: Since the assassination, the Secret Service and the Department of the Treasury...

REF: have properly taken the initiative in reexamining major aspects of Presidential protection.
HYP: ...have properly taken the initiative in re-examining major aspects of presidential protection...

REF: Many changes have already been made and others are contemplated, some of them in response to the Commission's questions and informal suggestions.
HYP: Many changes have already been made and others are contemplated, some of them in response to the Commission's questions and informal suggestions.

REF: Assassination a Federal Crime
HYP: Assassination of Federal Park.

REF: There was no Federal criminal jurisdiction over the assassination of President Kennedy.
HYP: There was no federal criminal jurisdiction over the assassination of President Kennedy.

REF: Had there been reason to believe that the assassination was the result of a conspiracy, Federal jurisdiction could have been asserted;
HYP: Had there been reason to believe that the assassination was the result of a conspiracy? That all jurisdiction could have been a certain...

REF: it has long been a Federal crime to conspire to injure any Federal officer, on account of, or while he is engaged in, the lawful discharge of the duties of his office.
HYP: It has long been a federal crime to conspire to injure any federal officer on account of him or while he is engaged in the lawful discharge of the duties of his office.

REF: Murder of the President has never been covered by Federal law, however, so that once it became reasonably clear that the killing was the act of a single person,
HYP: Murder of the president has never been covered by federal law, however, so that once it became reasonably clear that the killing was the act of a single person.

REF: the State of Texas had exclusive jurisdiction.
HYP: The state of Texas has exclusive jurisdiction.

REF: It is anomalous that Congress has legislated in other ways touching upon the safety of the Chief Executive or other Federal officers,
HYP: It is anomalous that Congress has legislated in other ways touching upon the safety of the chief executive or other federal officers.

REF: without making an attack on the President a crime. Threatening harm to the President is a Federal offense,
HYP: Without making an attack on the president of crime, threatening harm to the president is a federal offense.

REF: as is advocacy of the overthrow of the Government by the assassination of any of its officers.
HYP: As is advocacy of the overthrow of the government by the assassination of any of its officers.

REF: The murder of Federal judges, U.S. attorneys and marshals, and a number of other specifically designated
HYP: The murder of federal judges, U.S. attorneys and marshals, and a number of others specifically designated...

REF: Federal law enforcement officers is a Federal crime.
HYP: Federal law enforcement officers is a federal law enforcement officer.

REF: Equally anomalous are statutory provisions which specifically authorize the Secret Service to protect the President,
HYP: Equally anomalous are statutory provisions which specifically authorize the Secret Service to protect the president.

REF: without authorizing it to arrest anyone who harms him. The same provisions authorize the Service to arrest without warrant
HYP: Without authorizing it to arrest anyone who harms him, the same provisions authorize the service to arrest without warranting.

REF: persons committing certain offenses, including counterfeiting and certain frauds involving Federal checks or securities.
HYP: Persons committing certain offenses, including counterfeiting and certain frauds involving federal checks or securities.

REF: The Commission agrees with the Secret Service that it should be authorized to make arrests without warrant
HYP: The Commission agrees with the Secret Service that it should be authorized to make arrests without warranting.

REF: for all offenses within its jurisdiction, as are FBI agents and Federal marshals.
HYP: For all offenses within its jurisdiction, as are FBI agents and federal marshals.

REF: There have been a number of efforts to make assassination a Federal crime, particularly after the assassination of President McKinley
HYP: There have been a number of efforts to make assassination a federal crime, particularly after the assassination of President McInnery.

REF: and the attempt on the life of President-elect Franklin D. Roosevelt.
HYP: and the attempt on the life of President-elect Franklin D. Roosevelt.

REF: In 1902 bills passed both Houses of Congress but failed of enactment when the Senate refused to accept the conference report.
HYP: In 1902, bills passed both houses of Congress, but failed of an active, when the Senate refused to accept the conference before.

REF: A number of bills were introduced immediately following the assassination of President Kennedy.
HYP: A number of bills were introduced immediately following the assassination of President Kennedy.

REF: The Commission recommends to the Congress that it adopt legislation which would:
HYP: The commission recommends to the Congress that it adopt legislation which would...

REF: Punish the murder or manslaughter of, attempt or conspiracy to murder, kidnaping of and assault upon
HYP: Punish the murder of a manslaughter of attempt or conspiracy to murder, kidnapping of an assault upon you.

REF: the President, Vice President, or other officer next in the order of succession to the Office of President, the President-elect and the Vice-President-elect,
HYP: The president, vice president, or other officer next in the order of succession to the office of president, the president-elect, and the vice president-elect.

REF: whether or not the act is committed while the victim is in the performance of his official duties or on account of such performance.
HYP: Whether or not the act is committed while the victim is in the performance of his official duties or on account of such performance.

REF: Such a statute would cover the President and Vice President or, in the absence of a Vice President, the person next in order of succession.
HYP: Such a statue would cover the president and vice president, or in the absence of a vice president, the person X in order of succession.

REF: During the period between election and inauguration, the President-elect and Vice-President-elect would also be covered.
HYP: During the period between election and inauguration, the president's elect and vice president's elect would also be covered.

REF: Restricting the coverage in this way would avoid unnecessary controversy over the inclusion or exclusion of other officials who are in the order of succession
HYP: Restricting the coverage in this way would avoid unnecessary controversy over the inclusion or exclusion of other officials who are in the order of succession.

REF: or who hold important governmental posts.
HYP: Thank you.

REF: In addition, the restriction would probably eliminate a need for the requirement which has been urged as necessary for the exercise of Federal power,
HYP: In addition, the restriction would probably eliminate me from the requirement which has been urged as necessary for the exercise of federal power.

REF: that the hostile act occur while the victim is engaged in or because of the performance of official duties.
HYP: that the hostile act occurs while the victim is engaged in or because of the performance of official duties.

REF: The governmental consequences of assassination of one of the specified officials give the United States ample power to act for its own protection.
HYP: The governmental consequences of assassination of one of the specified officials in the United States have the power to act for its own protection.

REF: The activities of the victim at the time an assassination occurs and the motive for the assassination
HYP: The activities of the victims at the time that assassination occurs and the motive for the assassination...

REF: bear no relationship to the injury to the United States which follows from the act.
HYP: There is no relationship to the injury to the United States, which falls from the ass.

REF: This point was ably made in the 1902 debate by Senator George F. Hoar, the sponsor of the Senate bill, quote,
HYP: This point was made in the 1902 debate by Senator George F. Moore, the sponsor of the Senate bill, quote,

REF: what this bill means to punish is the crime of interruption of the Government of the United States and the destruction of its security by striking down the life
HYP: What this bill means to punish is the crime of interruption of the government of the United States and the destruction of its security by striking down the white...

REF: of the person who is actually in the exercise of the executive power, or
HYP: of the person who is actually in the exercise of the executive power.

REF: of such persons as have been constitutionally and lawfully provided to succeed thereto in case of a vacancy. It is important to this country
HYP: of such persons as have been constitutionally and lawfully provided to succeed. There too, in case of a vacancy, it is important to this country...

REF: that the interruption shall not take place for an hour, end quote.
HYP: that the interruption shall not take place for an hour, end quote.

REF: Enactment of this statute would mean that the investigation of any of the acts covered and of the possibility of a further attempt
HYP: ...enactment of this statute would mean that the investigation of any of the acts is covered, and that the possibility of a further attempt...

REF: would be conducted by Federal law enforcement officials, in particular, the FBI with the assistance of the Secret Service.
HYP: would be conducted by federal law enforcement officials, in particular the FBI with the assistance of the Secret Service.

REF: At present, Federal agencies participate only upon the sufferance of the local authorities.
HYP: At present, federal agencies participate only upon the sufferings of the local authorities.

REF: While the police work of the Dallas authorities in the early identification and apprehension of Oswald was both efficient and prompt,
HYP: While the police work of the Dallas authorities in the early identification and apprehension of Oswald was both efficient and powerful.

REF: FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover, who strongly supports such legislation, testified that the absence of clear Federal jurisdiction
HYP: FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover, who strongly supports such legislation, testified that the absence of clear federal jurisdiction...

REF: over the assassination of President Kennedy led to embarrassment and confusion in the subsequent investigation by Federal and local authorities.
HYP: The assassination of President Kennedy led to embarrassment and confusion in the subsequent investigation by federal and local authorities.

REF: In addition, the proposed legislation will insure
HYP: In addition, the proposed legislation will ensure...

REF: that any suspects who are arrested will be Federal prisoners, subject to Federal protection from vigilante justice and other threats.
HYP: that any suspects who are arrested will be federal prisoners subject to federal protection from vigilante, justice, and other threats.

REF: Committee of Cabinet Officers. As our Government has become more complex,
HYP: Committee of Cabinet Officers, as our government has become more complex.

REF: agencies other than the Secret Service have become involved in phases of the overall problem of protecting our national leaders.
HYP: Agencies other than the Secret Service have become involved in phases of the overall problem of protecting our national leaders.

REF: The FBI is the major domestic investigating agency of the United States,
HYP: The FBI is the major domestic investigating agency of the United States.

REF: while the CIA has the primary responsibility for collecting intelligence overseas to supplement information acquired by the Department of State.
HYP: While the CIA has the primary responsibility for collecting intelligence overseas to supplement information acquired by the Department of State.

REF: The Secret Service must rely in large part
HYP: The Secret Service must rely on large parts.

REF: The Commission believes that it is necessary to improve the cooperation among these agencies
HYP: The Commission believes that it is necessary to improve the cooperation among these agencies.

REF: and to emphasize that the task of Presidential protection is one of broad national concern.
HYP: and to emphasize that the task of presidential protection is one of broad national concern.

REF: The Commission suggests that consideration might be given to assigning to a Cabinet-level committee or the National Security Council
HYP: The commission suggests that consideration might be given to a signing to a cabinet-level committee or the National Security Council.

REF: (which is responsible for advising the President respecting the coordination
HYP: Which is responsible for advising the president respecting the coordination.

REF: of departmental policies relating to the national security) the responsibility to review and oversee the protective activities of the Secret Service
HYP: of departmental policies relating to the national security, the responsibility to review and oversee the protective activities of the Secret Service.

REF: and the other Federal agencies that assist in safeguarding the President. The Committee should include the Secretary of the Treasury and the Attorney General,
HYP: and the other federal agencies that assist in safeguarding the president. The committee should include the secretary of the treasury and the attorney general.

REF: and, if the Council is used, arrangements should be made for the attendance of the Secretary of the Treasury
HYP: And if the council is used, arrangements should be made for the attendance of the secretary of the treasury.

REF: and the Attorney General at any meetings which are concerned with Presidential protection.
HYP: I'm attorney general at any meetings which are concerned with presidential protection.

REF: The Council already includes, in addition to the President and Vice President, the Secretaries of State and Defense and has a competent staff.
HYP: The council already includes, in addition to the president and vice president, the secretaries of state and defense, and has a competent staff.

REF: The foremost assignment of the Committee would be to insure that the maximum resources of the Federal Government are fully engaged in the job of protecting the President,
HYP: The foremost assignment of the committee would be to ensure that the maximum resources of the federal government are fully engaged in the job of protecting the president.

REF: by defining responsibilities clearly and overseeing their execution.
HYP: by defining responsibilities clearly and overseeing their execution.

REF: Major needs of personnel or other resources might be met more easily on its recommendation than they have been in the past.
HYP: Major needs of personnel or other resources might be met more easily on its recommendation than they have been in the past.

REF: The Committee would be able to provide guidance in defining the general nature of domestic and foreign dangers to Presidential security.
HYP: The committee would be able to provide guidance in defining the general nature of domestic and foreign dangers to presidential security.

REF: As improvements are recommended for the advance detection of potential threats to the President, it could act as a final review board.
HYP: As improvements are recommended for the advanced detection of potential threats to the president, it could act as a final review board.

REF: The expert assistance and resources which it could draw upon would be particularly desirable in this complex and sensitive area.
HYP: The expert assistance and resources which it could draw upon would be particularly desirable in this complex and sensitive area.

REF: This arrangement would provide a continuing high-level contact for agencies that may wish to consult respecting particular protective measures.
HYP: This arrangement would provide a continuing high-level contact for agencies that may wish to consult respecting particular protective measures.

REF: For various reasons the Secret Service has functioned largely as an informal part of the White House staff, with the result
HYP: For various reasons, the Secret Service has functioned largely as an informal part of the White House staff with the results.

REF: that it has been unable, as a practical matter, to exercise sufficient influence over the security precautions which surround Presidential activities.
HYP: that it has been unable as a practical matter to exercise sufficient influence over the security precautions which surround presidential activities.

REF: A Cabinet-level committee which is actively concerned with these problems would be able to discuss these matters more effectively with the President.
HYP: A cabinet-level committee which is actively concerned with these problems would be able to discuss these matters more effectively with the president.

REF: Responsibilities for Presidential Protection
HYP: Responsibilities for presidential protection.

REF: The assignment of the responsibility of protecting the President to an agency of the Department of the Treasury was largely an historical accident.
HYP: The assignment of the responsibility of protecting the president to an agency of the Department of the Treasury was largely a historical accident.

REF: The Secret Service was organized as a division of the Department of the Treasury in 1865, to deal with counterfeiting.
HYP: The Secret Service was organized as a division of the Department of the Treasury in 1865 to deal with counterfeiting.

REF: In 1894,
HYP: Thank you.

REF: while investigating a plot to assassinate President Cleveland, the Service assigned a small protective detail of agents to the White House.
HYP: While investigating a plot to assassinate President Cleveland, the service assigned a small protective detail of agents to the White House.

REF: Secret Service men accompanied the President and his family to their vacation home in Massachusetts
HYP: Secret Service men accompanied the president and his family to their vacation home in Massachusetts.

REF: and special details protected him in Washington, on trips, and at special functions.
HYP: and special details protected him in Washington on trips and at special functions.

REF: These informal and part-time arrangements led to more systematic protection in 1902, after the assassination of President McKinley;
HYP: These informal and part-time arrangements led to more systematic protection in 1902 after the assassination of President McHenry.

REF: the Secret Service, then the only Federal investigative agency, assumed full-time responsibility for the safety of the President.
HYP: The Secret Service, then the only federal investigative agency assumed full-time responsibility for the safety of the president.

REF: Since that time, the Secret Service has had and exercised responsibility for the physical protection of the President
HYP: Since that time, the Secret Service has had an exercised responsibility for the physical protection of the president.

REF: and also for the preventive investigation of potential threats against the President.
HYP: and also for the preventive investigation of potential threats against the president.

REF: Although the Secret Service has had the primary responsibility for the protection of the President,
HYP: Although the Secret Service has had the primary responsibility for the protection of the president...

REF: the FBI, which was established within the Department of Justice in 1908, has had in recent years an increasingly important role to play.
HYP: The FBI, which was established within the Department of Justice in 1908, has had in recent years an increasingly important role to play.

REF: In the appropriations of the FBI there has recurred annually an item for the, quote, protection of the person of the President of the United States, end quote,
HYP: In the appropriations of the FBI, there has recurred annually an item for the quote, protection of the person of the President of the United States, end quote.

REF: which first appeared in the appropriation of the Department of Justice in 1910 under the heading, quote, Miscellaneous Objects, end quote.
HYP: which first appeared in the appropriation of the Department of Justice in 1910 under the heading, quote, Miscellaneous Objects, end quote.

REF: Although the FBI is not charged with the physical protection of the President, it does have an assignment, as do other Government agencies,
HYP: Although the FBI is not charged with the physical protection of the president, it does have an assignment, as do other government agencies.

REF: in the field of preventive investigation in regard to the President's security.
HYP: In the field of preventive investigation in regard to the president's security...

REF: As discussed above, the Bureau has attempted to meet its responsibilities in this field by spelling out in its Handbook
HYP: As discussed above, the Bureau has attempted to meet its responsibilities in this field by spelling out in its hand...

REF: the procedures which its agents are to follow in connection with information received, quote,
HYP: The procedures which its agents are to follow in connection with information received from

REF: indicating the possibility of an attempt against the person or safety of the President, end quote, or other protected persons.
HYP: indicating the possibility of an attempt against the person or safety of the president and, quote, or other protected persons.

REF: With two Federal agencies operating in the same general field of preventive investigation,
HYP: with two federal agencies operating in the same general field of preventive investigation.

REF: questions inevitably arise as to the scope of each agency's authority and responsibility.
HYP: Questions inevitably arise as to the scope of each agency's authority and responsibility.

REF: As the testimony of J. Edgar Hoover and other Bureau officials revealed, the FBI did not believe that its directive required the Bureau
HYP: As the testimony of J. Edgar Hoover and other Bureau officials revealed, the FBI did not believe that its directive required the Bureau to...

REF: to notify the Secret Service of the substantial information about Lee Harvey Oswald which the FBI had accumulated
HYP: ...to notify the Secret Service of the substantial information about Lee Harvey Oswald, which the FBI had accumulated...

REF: before the President reached Dallas.
HYP: Before the president reached Dallas...

REF: On the other hand, the Secret Service had no knowledge whatever of Oswald, his background, or his employment at the Book Depository,
HYP: On the other hand, the Secret Service had no knowledge whatever of Oswald, his background, or his employment at the book depository.

REF: and Robert I. Bouck, who was in charge of the Protective Research Section of the Secret Service, believed that the accumulation of the facts known to the FBI
HYP: And Robert, I hope, who is in charge of the protective research section of the Secret Service, believes that the accumulation of the facts known to the FBI...

REF: should have constituted a sufficient basis to warn the Secret Service of the Oswald risk.
HYP: should have constituted a sufficient basis to earn the secret service of the Oswald any of the Louis olduğunu know has not required the eftermisle of theTS

REF: The Commission believes that both the FBI and the Secret Service have too narrowly construed their respective responsibilities.
HYP: The commission believes that both the FBI and the Secret Service have too narrowly conspired their respective responsibilities.

REF: The Commission has the impression
HYP: The Commission has the impression...

REF: that too much emphasis is placed by both on the investigation of specific threats by individuals and not enough on dangers from other sources.
HYP: that too much emphasis is placed by both on the investigation of specific threats by individuals and not enough on dangers from other sources.

REF: In addition, the Commission has concluded that the Secret Service particularly tends to be the passive recipient of information
HYP: In addition, the Commission has concluded that the Secret Service particularly tends to be the passive recipient of information.

REF: regarding such threats and that its Protective Research Section is not adequately staffed or equipped
HYP: regarding such threats and that its protective research section is not adequately staffed or equipped.

REF: to conduct the wider investigative work that is required today for the security of the President.
HYP: ...to conduct the wider investigative work that is required today for the security of the president...

REF: During the period the Commission was giving thought to this situation,
HYP: During the period the commission was giving thought to the situation.

REF: the Commission received a number of proposals designed to improve current arrangements for protecting the President.
HYP: The Commission received a number of proposals designed to improve current arrangements for protecting the President's...

REF: These proposals included suggestions to locate exclusive responsibility for all phases of the work
HYP: These proposals include suggestions to locate exclusive responsibilities for all phases of the work.

REF: in one or another Government agency, to clarify the division of authority between the agencies involved, and to retain the existing system
HYP: in one or another government agency to clarify the division of authority between the agencies involved and to retain the existing system.

REF: but expand both the scope and the operations of the existing agencies, particularly those of the Secret Service and the FBI.
HYP: but expand both the scope and the operations of the existing agencies, particularly those of the Secret Service and the FBI.

REF: It has been pointed out that the FBI, as our chief investigative agency,
HYP: It has been pointed out that the FBI as our chief investigated agency.

REF: is properly manned and equipped to carry on extensive information gathering functions within the United States.
HYP: is properly manned and equipped to carry on extensive information gathering functions within the United States.

REF: It was also suggested that it would take a substantial period of time for the Secret Service to build up the experience and skills necessary to meet the problem.
HYP: It was also suggested that it would take a substantial period of time for the Secret Service to build up the experience and skills necessary to meet the problem.

REF: Consequently the suggestion has been made, on the one hand, that all preventive investigative functions relating to the security of the President
HYP: Consequently, the suggestion has been made on the one hand that all prevented investigative functions relating to the security of the president.

REF: should be transferred to the FBI,
HYP: should be transferred to the FBI.

REF: leaving with the Secret Service only the responsibility for the physical protection of the President, that is, the guarding function alone.
HYP: ...leaving with the Secret Service only the responsibility for the physical protection of the President, that is, the buying function alone.

REF: On the other hand, it is urged that all features of the protection of the President and his family should be committed to an elite and independent corps.
HYP: On the other hand, it is urged that all teachers of the protection of the president and his family should be committed to an elite and independent force.

REF: It is also contended that the agents should be intimately associated with the life of the Presidential family
HYP: It is also contended that the agents should be intimately associated with the life of the presidential family.

REF: in all its ramifications and alert to every danger that might befall it,
HYP: in all its ramifications and the work to every danger that might fall.

REF: and ready at any instant to hazard great danger to themselves in the performance of their tremendous responsibility.
HYP: and ready at any instant to hazard great danger to themselves in the performance of their tremendous responsibility.

REF: It is suggested that an organization shorn of its power to investigate all the possibilities of danger to the President
HYP: It is suggested that an organization short of its power to investigate all the possibilities of danger to the president.

REF: and becoming merely the recipient of information gathered by others would become limited solely to acts of physical alertness and personal courage
HYP: and becoming merely the recipient of information gathered by others, would become limited solely to acts of physical alertness and personal courage.

REF: incident to its responsibilities.
HYP: Thank you.

REF: So circumscribed, it could not maintain the esprit de corps or the necessary alertness for this unique and challenging responsibility.
HYP: so circumscribed it could not maintain the extreme core or the necessary awareness for this unique and challenging responsibility

REF: While in accordance with its mandate
HYP: Well, in accordance with its mandate.

REF: this Commission has necessarily examined into the functioning of the various Federal agencies concerned with the tragic trip of President Kennedy to Dallas
HYP: This commission has necessarily examined into the functioning of the various federal agencies concerned with the tragic trip of President Kennedy to Dallas.

REF: and while it has arrived at certain conclusions in respect thereto, it seems clear
HYP: And while it has arrived at certain conclusions and respect there too, it seems clear...

REF: that it was not within the Commission's responsibility to make specific recommendations as to the long-range organization of the President's protection,
HYP: And it was not within the Commission's responsibility to make specific recommendations as to the long range organization of the President's protection.

REF: except as conclusions flowing directly from its examination of the President's assassination can be drawn.
HYP: Except this conclusion is flowing directly from its examination of the president's assassination.

REF: The Commission was not asked to apply itself as did the Hoover Commission in 1949,
HYP: The commission was not asked to apply itself as did the former commission in 1949.

REF: for examples to a determination of the optimum organization of the President's protection.
HYP: For example, to a determination of the optimum organization of the president's protection.

REF: It would have been necessary for the Commission to take considerable testimony, much of it extraneous to the facts of the assassination of President Kennedy,
HYP: It would have been necessary for the commission to take considerable testimony, much of it extraneous to the facts of the assassination of President Kennedy.

REF: to put it in a position to reach final conclusions in this respect.
HYP: to put it in a position to reach final conclusions in this respect.

REF: There are always dangers of divided responsibility,
HYP: There are always dangers of dividing responsibility.

REF: duplication, and confusion of authority where more than one agency is operating in the same field; but on the other hand
HYP: ... ... ... ... ...

REF: the protection of the President is in a real sense a Government-wide responsibility which must necessarily assumed by the Department of State,
HYP: The protection of the president is in a real sense a government-wide responsibility which must necessarily be assumed by the Department of State.

REF: the FBI, the CIA, and the military intelligence agencies as well as the Secret Service.
HYP: The FBI, the CIA, and the military intelligence agencies, as well as the Secret Service.

REF: Moreover, a number of imponderable questions have to be weighed if any change in the intimate association now established
HYP: Moreover, a number of imponderable questions have to be weighed if any change in the intimate association now established...

REF: between the Secret Service and the President and his family is contemplated.
HYP: Between the secret service of the president and his family, this contemplation...

REF: These considerations have induced the Commission to believe
HYP: These considerations have induced the commission to believe.

REF: that the determination of whether or not there should be a relocation of responsibilities and functions should be left to the Executive and the Congress,
HYP: that the determination of whether or not there should be a relocation of responsibilities and functions should be left to the executive and the Congress.

REF: perhaps upon recommendations based on further studies by the Cabinet-level committee recommended above or the National Security Council.
HYP: Perhaps upon recommendations based on further studies by the cabinet level committee recommended above or the National Security Council.

REF: Pending any such determination, however, this Commission is convinced of the necessity of better coordination
HYP: Pending any such determination, however, this commission is convinced of the necessity of better coordination.

REF: and direction of the activities of all existing agencies of Government which are in a position to and do, furnish information
HYP: and direction of the activities of all existing agencies of government, which are in a position to, and to furnish information...

REF: and services related to the security of the President.
HYP: and services related to the security of the president.

REF: The Commission feels the Secret Service and the FBI, as well as the State Department and the CIA when the President travels abroad,
HYP: The Commission deals the Secret Service and the FBI, as well as the State Department and the CIA when the President travels abroad.

REF: could improve their existing capacities and procedures so as to lessen the chances of assassination.
HYP: could improve their existing capacities and procedures so as to lessen the chances of assassination.

REF: Without, therefore, coming to final conclusions respecting the long-range organization of the President's security,
HYP: without therefore coming to final conclusions respecting the long-range organization of the president's security.

REF: the Commission believes that the facts of the assassination of President Kennedy point to certain measures which,
HYP: The commission believes that the facts of the assassination of President Kennedy point to certain measures which...

REF: while assuming no radical relocation of responsibilities,
HYP: While assuming no radical relocation of responsibilities.

REF: can and should be recommended by this Commission in the interest of the more efficient protection of the President.
HYP: and should be recommended by this commission in the interest of the more efficient protection of the president.

REF: For more information, or to volunteer, please visit librivox dot org. Report of the President's Commission on the Assassination of President Kennedy.
HYP: For more information or to volunteer, please visit LibreVox.org. Report of the President's Commission on the Assassination of President Kennedy.

REF: The Warren Commission Report.
HYP: Thank you.

REF: By The President's Commission on the Assassination of President Kennedy. Chapter 8. The Protection of the President. Part 5.
HYP: Part 5, The President's Commission on the Assassination of President Kennedy. Chapter 8, The Protection of the President. Part 5.

REF: General Supervision of the Secret Service
HYP: General supervision of the Secret Service.

REF: The intimacy of the Secret Service's relationship to the White House
HYP: The intimacy of the Secret Service's relationship to the White House.

REF: and the dissimilarity of its protective functions to most activities of the Department of the Treasury
HYP: and the dissimilarity of its protective functions to most activities of the Department of the Treasury.

REF: have made it difficult for the Treasury to maintain close and continuing supervision.
HYP: ...have made it difficult for the Treasury to maintain close and continuing supervision...

REF: The Commission believes that the recommended Cabinet-level committee will help to correct many of the major deficiencies of supervision
HYP: The Commission believes that the recommended Cabinet-level committee will help to correct many of the major deficiencies of supervision.

REF: disclosed by the Commission's investigation. Other measures should be taken as well to improve the overall operation of the Secret Service.
HYP: Disclosed by the Commission's investigation, other measures should be taken as well to improve the overall operation of the Secret Service.

REF: Daily supervision of the operations of the Secret Service within the Department of the Treasury should be improved.
HYP: Daily supervision of the operations of the Secret Service within the Department of the Treasury should be approved.

REF: The Chief of the Service now reports to the Secretary of the Treasury
HYP: The chief of the service now reports to the secretary of the treasury.

REF: through an Assistant Secretary whose duties also include the direct supervision of the Bureau of the Mint
HYP: Through an assistant secretary, whose duties also include the direct supervision of the Bureau of the Ministry of Health.

REF: and the Department's Employment Policy Program, and who also represents the Secretary of the Treasury on various committees and groups.
HYP: and the department's employment policy program, and who also represents the secretary of the treasury on various committees and groups.

REF: The incumbent has no technical qualifications in the area of Presidential protection.
HYP: The incumbent has no technical qualifications in the area of presidential protection.

REF: The Commission recommends that the Secretary of the Treasury appoint a special assistant with the responsibility of supervising the Service.
HYP: The commission recommends that the secretary of the treasury appoint a special assistant with the responsibility of supervising the service.

REF: This special assistant should be required to have sufficient stature and experience in law enforcement, intelligence, or allied fields
HYP: This special assistant should be required to have sufficient stature and experience in law enforcement, intelligence, or a live field.

REF: to be able to provide effective continuing supervision
HYP: to be able to provide effective continuing supervision.

REF: and to keep the Secretary fully informed regarding all significant developments relating to Presidential protection.
HYP: and to keep the secretary fully informed regarding all significant developments relating to presidential protection.

REF: This report has already pointed out several respects
HYP: This report has already pointed out several respects.

REF: in which the Commission believes that the Secret Service has operated with insufficient planning or control.
HYP: in which the Commission believes that the Secret Service has operated with insufficient planning or control.

REF: Actions by the Service since the assassination indicate its awareness of the necessity for substantial improvement in its administration.
HYP: Actions by the service since the assassination indicate its awareness of the necessity for substantial improvement in its administration.

REF: A formal and thorough description of the responsibilities of the advance agent is now in preparation by the Service.
HYP: A formal and thorough description of the responsibilities of the advanced agent is now in preparation by the service.

REF: Work is going forward
HYP: Thank you.

REF: toward the preparation of formal understandings of the respective roles of the Secret Service and other agencies with which it collaborates
HYP: towards the preparation of formal understandings of the respective roles of the Secret Service and other agencies with which it collaborates.

REF: or from which it derives assistance and support.
HYP: or from which it devises assistance and support.

REF: The Commission urges that the Service continue this effort to overhaul and define its procedures.
HYP: The Commission argues that the service continues this effort to overhaul and define its procedures.

REF: While manuals and memoranda are no guarantee of effective operations,
HYP: While manuals and memorandums are no guarantee of effective operations.

REF: no sizable organization can achieve efficiency without the careful analysis and demarcation of responsibility
HYP: No sizable organization can achieve efficiency without the careful analysis and demarcation of responsibility.

REF: that is reflected in definite and comprehensive operating procedures.
HYP: that is reflected in definite and comprehensive operating procedures.

REF: The Commission also recommends
HYP: The Commission also recommends...

REF: that the Secret Service consciously set about the task of inculcating and maintaining the highest standard of excellence and esprit, for all of its personnel.
HYP: that the Secret Service consciously set about the task of infolating and maintaining the highest standard of excellence and desperate for all of its personnel.

REF: This involves tight and unswerving discipline as well as the promotion of an outstanding degree of dedication and loyalty to duty.
HYP: This involves tight and unswerving discipline, as well as the promotion of an outstanding degree of dedication and loyalty to duty.

REF: The Commission emphasizes that it finds no causal connection between the assassination
HYP: The commission emphasizes that it finds no causal connection between the assassination.

REF: and the breach of regulations which occurred on the night of November 21 at Fort Worth.
HYP: And the breach of regulations which occurred on the night of November 21st, 4th floor.

REF: Nevertheless, such a breach, in which so many agents participated,
HYP: Nevertheless, such a breach in which so many agents participated...

REF: is not consistent with the standards which the responsibilities of the Secret Service require it to meet.
HYP: is not consistent with the standards which the responsibilities of the secret service require

REF: Preventive Intelligence
HYP: Preventive intelligence.

REF: In attempting to identify those individuals who might prove a danger to the President,
HYP: In attempting to identify those individuals who might prove a danger to the president...

REF: the Secret Service has largely been the passive recipient of threatening communications to the President
HYP: The Secret Service has largely been the passive recipient of threatening communications to the President.

REF: and reports from other agencies which independently evaluate their information for potential sources of danger.
HYP: and reports from other agencies which independently evaluate their information or potential sources of danger.

REF: This was the consequence of the Service's lack of an adequate investigative staff,
HYP: This was the consequence of the service's lack of an adequate investigative staff.

REF: its inability to process large amounts of data, and its failure to provide specific descriptions of the kind of information it sought.
HYP: Its inability to process large amounts of data and its failure to provide specific descriptions of the kind of information it solves.

REF: The Secret Service has embarked upon a complete overhaul of its research activities. The staff of the Protective Research Section (PRS)
HYP: The Secret Service has embarked upon a complete overhaul of its research activities. The staff of the Protective Research Section PRS...

REF: has been augmented, and a Secret Service inspector has been put in charge of this operation. With the assistance of the President's Office of Science and Technology,
HYP: has been augmented and a secret service inspector has been put in charge of this operation with the assistance of the president's office of science and technology

REF: and of the Advanced Research Projects Agency of the Department of Defense,
HYP: and of the Advanced Research Projects Agency of the Department of Defense.

REF: it has obtained the services of outside consultants, such as the Rand Corporation,
HYP: It has obtained the services of outside consultants, such as the Red Corporation.

REF: International Business Machines Corporation, and a panel of psychiatric and psychological experts.
HYP: International Business Issues Corporation and a panel of psychiatric and psychological experts.

REF: It has received assistance also from data processing experts at the CIA
HYP: It has received assistance also from data processing experts at the CIA.

REF: and from a specialist in psychiatric prognostication at Walter Reed Hospital.
HYP: and from a specialist in psychiatric prognostication at Walter Reed Hospital.

REF: As a result of these studies, the planning document submitted by the Secretary of the Treasury to the Bureau of the Budget on August 31,
HYP: As a result of these studies, the planning documents submitted by the Secretary of the Treasury to the Bureau of the Budget on August 31st...

REF: 1964, makes several significant recommendations in this field.
HYP: 1964 makes several significant recommendations in this field.

REF: Based on the Commission's investigation, the following minimum goals for improvements are indicated:
HYP: Based on the Commission's investigation, the following minimum goals for improvements are indicated...

REF: Broader and more selective criteria
HYP: ...broader and more selective criteria...

REF: Since the assassination, both the Secret Service and the FBI have recognized
HYP: Since the assassination, both the Secret Service and the FBI have recognized...

REF: that the PRS files can no longer be limited largely to persons communicating actual threats to the President.
HYP: that the PRS files cannot longer be limited largely to persons communicating actual threats to the president.

REF: On December 26, 1963, the FBI circulated additional instructions to all its agents,
HYP: On December 26, 1963, the FBI circulated additional instructions to all its agents.

REF: specifying criteria for information to be furnished to the Secret Service in addition to that covered by the former standard,
HYP: Specifying criteria for information to be furnished to the Secret Service, in addition to that covered by the former standards.

REF: which was the possibility of an attempt against the person or safety of the President.
HYP: Which was the possibility of an attempt against the person or safety of the president?

REF: he new instructions require FBI agents to report immediately information concerning, quote,
HYP: The new instructions require FBI agents to report immediately information concerning...

REF: Subversives, ultrarightists, racists and fascists (a) possessing emotional instability or irrational behavior,
HYP: Subversives, ultra-cricists, racists, and fascists. A possessing emotional instability or rational behavior.

REF: (b) who have made threats of bodily harm against officials or employees of Federal, state or local government or officials of a foreign government,
HYP: ...who have made threats of bodily harm against officials or employees of federal, state, or local government, or officials of a foreign government...

REF: (c) who express or have expressed strong or violent anti-U.S. sentiments
HYP: See who expressed or have expressed strong or violent anti-U.S. sentiments.

REF: and who have been involved in bombing or bomb-making or whose past conduct indicates tendencies toward violence, and (d)
HYP: and who have been involved in bombing or bomb making or whose past conduct indicates tendencies towards violence and the...

REF: whose prior acts or statements depict propensity for violence and hatred against organized government, end quote.
HYP: whose prior acts or statements depict propensity for violence and hatred against organized government and, quote,

REF: Alan H. Belmont, Assistant to the Director of the FBI, testified that this revision was initiated by the FBI itself.
HYP: Alan H. Belmont, assistant to the director of the FBI, testified that this revision was initiated by the FBI itself.

REF: The volume of references to the Secret Service has increased substantially since the new instructions went into effect;
HYP: The volume of references to the Secret Service has increased substantially since the new instructions went into effect.

REF: more than 5,000 names were referred to the Secret Service in the first 4 months of 1964.
HYP: More than 5,000 names were referred to the Secret Service in the first four months of 1964.

REF: According to Chief Rowley, by mid-June 1964,
HYP: According to Chief Pauling, on June 1964,

REF: the Secret Service had received from the FBI some 9,000 reports on members of the Communist Party.
HYP: The Secret Service has received from the FBI some 9,000 reports on members of the Communist Party.

REF: The FBI now transmits information on all defectors, a category which would, of course, have included Oswald.
HYP: The FBI now transmits information on all defectors, a category which would, of course, have included Oswald.

REF: Both Director Hoover and Belmont expressed to the Commission the great concern of the FBI, which is shared by the Secret Service,
HYP: Both Director Hoover and Belmont expressed to the Commission the great concern of the FBI, which is shared by the Secret Service.

REF: that referrals to the Secret Service under the new criteria might, if not properly handled,
HYP: that refers to the Secret Service under the new criteria might, if not properly handled...

REF: result in some degree of interference with the personal liberty of those involved.
HYP: Result in some degree of interference with the personal liberty of those involved.

REF: They emphasized the necessity that the information now being furnished be handled with judgment and care.
HYP: They emphasize the necessity that the information now being furnished be handled with judgment and care.

REF: The Commission shares this concern.
HYP: Thank you.

REF: The problem is aggravated by the necessity that the Service obtain the assistance of local law enforcement officials in evaluating the information which it receives
HYP: The problem is aggravated by the necessity that the service obtained the assistance of local law enforcement officials in evaluating the information which it receives.

REF: and in taking preventive steps.
HYP: I've been taking preventive steps.

REF: In June 1964, the Secret Service sent to a number of Federal law enforcement and intelligence agencies
HYP: In June 1964, the Secret Service sent to a number of federal law enforcement and intelligence agencies.

REF: guidelines for an experimental program to develop more detailed criteria.
HYP: Guidelines for an experimental program to develop more detailed criteria.

REF: The suggestions of Federal agencies for revision of these guidelines were solicited.
HYP: The suggestions of federal agencies for revision of these guidelines were solicited.

REF: The new tentative criteria are useful in making clear that
HYP: The new tentative criteria are useful in making clear that...

REF: the interest of the Secret Service goes beyond information on individuals or groups threatening to cause harm or embarrassment to the President.
HYP: The interest of the Secret Service goes beyond information on individuals or groups, threatening to cause far more embarrassment to the president.

REF: Information is requested also concerning individuals or groups who have demonstrated an interest in the President
HYP: Information is requested also concerning individuals or groups who have demonstrated an interest in the presidential election.

REF: or, quote, other high government officials in the nature of a complaint coupled with an expressed or implied determination to use a means,
HYP: or quote other high government officials in the nature of a complaint coupled with an express or implied determination to use the means.

REF: other than legal or peaceful, to satisfy any grievance, real or imagined.
HYP: Other than legal or peaceful, to satisfy any grievance, we will imagine...

REF: Under these criteria, whether the case should be referred to the Secret Service depends on the existence of a previous history of mental instability,
HYP: Under these criteria, whether the case should be referred to the Secret Service depends on the existence of a previous history of mental instability.

REF: propensity toward violent action, or some similar characteristic, coupled with some evaluation of the capability of the individual or group
HYP: Propensity towards violent action or some similar characteristic coupled with some evaluation of the capability of the individual or group.

REF: to further the intention to satisfy a grievance by unlawful means.
HYP: to further the intention to satisfy grievance by lawful means.

REF: While these tentative criteria are a step in the right direction,
HYP: While these tentative criteria are a step in the right direction.

REF: they seem unduly restrictive in continuing to require some manifestation of animus against a Government official.
HYP: They seem unduly restricted in continuing to require some manifestation of animus against a government official.

REF: It is questionable whether such criteria would have resulted in the referral of Oswald to the Secret Service.
HYP: It is questionable whether such criteria would have resulted in the referral of Oswald to the Secret Service.

REF: Chief Rowley believed that they would,
HYP: She's always believed that they would.

REF: because of Oswald's demonstrated hostility toward the Secretary of the Navy in his letter of January 30, 1962. Quote,
HYP: because of Oswald's demonstrated hostility toward the Secretary of the Navy in his letter of January 30, 1962.

REF: I shall employ all means to right this gross mistake or injustice to a bona fide U.S. citizen and ex-service man.
HYP: I shall employ all means to write this gross mistake or injustice to a bona fide U.S. citizen and ex-serviceman.

REF: The U.S. government has no charges or complaints against me.
HYP: The U.S. government has no charges or complaints against me.

REF: I ask you to look into this case and take the necessary steps to repair the damage done to me and my family. End quote.
HYP: I ask you to look into this case and take the necessary steps to repair the damage done to me and my family and folks.

REF: Even with the advantage of hindsight, this letter does not appear to express or imply Oswald's, quote,
HYP: Even with the advantage of hindsight, this letter does not appear to express only why Oswald's quote is not.

REF: determination to use a means, other than legal or peaceful, to satisfy his grievance, end quote, within the meaning of the new criteria.
HYP: Determination to use the means other than legal or peaceful to satisfy his grievance and hope within the meaning of the new criteria.

REF: It is apparent that a good deal of further consideration and experimentation will be required before adequate criteria can be framed.
HYP: It is apparent that a good deal of further consideration and experimentation will be required before adequate criteria can be framed.

REF: The Commission recognizes that no set of meaningful criteria will yield the names of all potential assassins. Charles J. Guiteau,
HYP: The commission recognizes that no set of meaningful criteria will yield the names of all potential assassins. Charles J. Gattel.

REF: Leon F. Czolgosz,
HYP: We are the X-Men.

REF: John Schrank, and Guiseppe Zangara -- four assassins or would-be assassins
HYP: John Frank and Giuseppe Zangara are assassins or would be assassins.

REF: were all men who acted alone in their criminal acts against our leaders. None had a serious record of prior violence.
HYP: For all men who acted among their criminal acts against our leaders, not have a serious record of fire violence.

REF: Each of them was a failure in his work and in his relations with others, a victim of delusions and fancies which led to the conviction
HYP: Each of them was a failure in his work and in his relations with others, a victim of delusions and fancies, which led to the conviction...

REF: that society and its leaders had combined to thwart him. It will require every available resource of our Government
HYP: that society and its leaders have combined. To court him, it will require every available resource of our government.

REF: to devise a practical system which has any reasonable possibility of revealing such malcontents.
HYP: to devise a practical system which has any reasonable possibility of revealing such malcontents.

REF: Liaison with other agencies regarding intelligence.
HYP: Liaison with other agencies regarding intelligence.

REF: The Secret Service's liaison with the agencies that supply information to it has been too casual.
HYP: The Secret Services Liaison with the agencies that supply information to it has been to casual...

REF: Since the assassination, the Service has recognized that these relationships must be far more formal
HYP: Since the assassination, the service has recognized that these relationships must be far more formal.

REF: and each agency given clear understanding of the assistance which the Secret Service expects.
HYP: and each agency given clear understanding of the systems which the Secret Service expects.

REF: Once the Secret Service has formulated its new standards for collection of information, it should enter into written agreements with each Federal agency
HYP: Once the Secret Service has formulated its new standards for collection of information, it should enter into written agreements with each federal agency.

REF: and the leading State and local agencies that might be a source of such information.
HYP: And the leading state and local agencies that might be a source of such information.

REF: Such agreements should describe in detail the information which is sought, the manner in which it will be provided to the Secret Service,
HYP: Such agreements should describe in detail the information which is sought, the manner in which it will be provided to the Secret Service.

REF: and the respective responsibilities for any further investigation that may be required.
HYP: and the respective responsibilities for any further investigation that may be required.

REF: This is especially necessary with regard to the FBI and CIA,
HYP: This is especially necessary with regard to the FBI and CIA.

REF: which carry the major responsibility for supplying information about potential threats,
HYP: which carry the major responsibility for supplying information about potential threats.

REF: particularly those arising from organized groups, within their special jurisdiction.
HYP: particularly those arising from organized groups within their special jurisdictions.

REF: Since these agencies are already obliged constantly to evaluate the activities of such groups,
HYP: Since these agencies are already obliged constantly to evaluate the activities of such groups...

REF: they should be responsible for advising the Secret Service if information develops indicating the existence of an assassination plot
HYP: They should be responsible for advising the Secret Service. If information develops indicating the existence of an assassination plot...

REF: and for reporting such events as a change in leadership or dogma which indicate that the group may present a danger to the President.
HYP: and for reporting such events as a change in leadership or dogma, which indicates that the group may present a danger to the president's...

REF: Detailed formal agreements embodying these arrangements should be worked out between the Secret Service and both of these agencies.
HYP: Detailed formal agreements embodying these arrangements should be worked out between the Secret Service and both of these agencies.

REF: It should be made clear that the Secret Service will in no way seek to duplicate the intelligence
HYP: It should be made clear that the Secret Service will in our way seem to duplicate the intelligence.

REF: and investigative capabilities of the agencies now operating in this field but will continue
HYP: and investigative capabilities of the agencies now operating in this field, but will continue...

REF: to use the data developed by these agencies to carry out its special duties.
HYP: To use the data developed by these agencies to carry out its special duties.

REF: Once experience has been gained in implementing such agreements with the Federal and leading State and local agencies,
HYP: What experience has been gained in implementing such agreements with the federal and leading state and local agencies?

REF: the Secret Service, through its field offices,
HYP: The Secret Service, the fluid steel offices.

REF: should negotiate similar arrangements with such other State and local law enforcement agencies as may provide meaningful assistance.
HYP: should negotiate civil arrangements with such other state and local law enforcement agencies as may provide meaningful assistance.

REF: Much useful information will come to the attention of local law enforcement agencies in the regular course of their activities,
HYP: Much useful information will come to the attention of local law enforcement agencies in the regular course of their activities.

REF: and this source should not be neglected by undue concentration on relationships with other Federal agencies.
HYP: And this source should not be neglected by undue concentration on relationships with other federal agencies.

REF: Finally, these agreements with Federal and local authorities will be of little value
HYP: Finally, these agreements with federal and local authorities will be of little value.

REF: unless a system is established for the frequent formal review of activities thereunder. In this regard
HYP: Unless a system is established for the frequent formal review of activities there or in this regard.

REF: the Commission notes with approval several recent measures taken and proposed by the Secret Service to improve its liaison arrangements.
HYP: The commission notes with approval several recent measures taken and proposed by the Secret Service to improve its liaison arrangements.

REF: In his testimony Secretary of the Treasury C. Douglas Dillon informed the Commission
HYP: In his testimony, Secretary of the Treasury C. Douglas Gillis informed the commission...

REF: that an interagency committee has been established to develop more effective criteria.
HYP: that an interagency committee has been established to develop more effective criteria.

REF: According to Secretary Dillon,
HYP: According to Secretary General.

REF: the Committee will include representatives of the President's Office of Science and Technology, Department of Defense, CIA,
HYP: The committee will include representatives of the President's Office of Science and Technology, Department of Defense, CIA.

REF: FBI, and the Secret Service.
HYP: FBI and the Secret Service.

REF: In addition, the Department of the Treasury has requested five additional agents for its Protective Research Section
HYP: In addition, the Department of the Treasury has requested five additional agents for its protective research section.

REF: to serve as liaison officers with law enforcement and intelligence agencies. On the basis of the Department's review during the past several months,
HYP: to serve as liaison officers with law enforcement and intelligence agencies on the basis of the departments reviewed during the past several months.

REF: Secretary Dillon testified that the use of such liaison officers is the only effective way to insure that adequate liaison is maintained.
HYP: Secretary Dillon testified that the use of such liaison officers is the only effective way to ensure that adequate liaison is maintained.

REF: As a beginning step to improve liaison with local law enforcement officials, the Secret Service on August 26, 1964,
HYP: As a beginning step to improve liaison with local law enforcement officials, the Secret Service on August 26, 1964.

REF: directed its field representatives to send a form request for intelligence information to all local,
HYP: directed its field representatives to send a form request for intelligence information to a local...

REF: county, and State law enforcement agencies in their districts.
HYP: county and state law enforcement agencies in their districts.

REF: Each of these efforts appears sound,
HYP: Each of these efforts appear so.

REF: and the Commission recommends that these and the other measures suggested by the Commission be pursued vigorously by Secret Service.
HYP: and the commission recommends that these and the other measures suggested by the commission be pursued vigorously by secret service

REF: Automatic data processing
HYP: Automatic speed of processing.

REF: Unless the Secret Service is able to deal rapidly and accurately with a growing body of data,
HYP: Unless the secret service is able to deal rapidly and accurately with a growing body of data.

REF: the increased information supplied by other agencies will be wasted.
HYP: The increased information supplied by other agencies will be wasted.

REF: PRS must develop the capacity to classify its subjects on a more sophisticated basis than the present geographic breakdown.
HYP: PRS must develop the capacity to classify subjects on a more sophisticated basis than the present geographic breakdown.

REF: Its present manual filing system is obsolete;
HYP: Its present manual filing system is obsolete.

REF: it makes no use of the recent developments in automatic data processing which are widely used in the business world and in other Government offices.
HYP: It makes no use of the recent developments in automatic data processing, which are widely used in the business world and in other government offices.

REF: The Secret Service and the Department of the Treasury now recognize this critical need.
HYP: The Secret Service and the Department of the Treasury now recognize this critical need.

REF: In the planning document currently under review by the Bureau of the Budget, the Department recommends that it be permitted to hire five qualified persons, quote,
HYP: In the planning document currently under review by the Bureau of the Budget, the department recommends that it be permitted to hire five qualified persons.

REF: to plan and develop a workable and efficient automated file and retrieval system, end quote.
HYP: to plan and develop a workable and efficient automated file and retrieval system in quotes.

REF: Also the Department requests the sum of $100,000 to conduct a detailed feasibility study;
HYP: Also, the department requests the sum of $100,000 to conduct a detailed feasibility study.

REF: this money would be used to compensate consultants, to lease standard equipment or to purchase specially designed pilot equipment.
HYP: This money will be used to compensate consultants to lease standard equipment or to purchase specially designed pilot equipment.

REF: On the basis of such a feasibility study,
HYP: On the basis of such a feasibility study...

REF: the Department hopes to design a practical system which will fully meet the needs of the Protective Research Section of the Secret Service.
HYP: The department hopes to design a practical system which will fully meet the needs of the protective research section of the Secret Service.

REF: The Commission recommends that prompt and favorable consideration be given to this request.
HYP: The Commission recommends that prompt and favorable consideration be given to this request.

REF: The Commission further recommends that the Secret Service coordinate its planning as closely as possible with all of the Federal agencies from which it receives information.
HYP: The Commission further recommends that the Secret Service coordinate its planning as closely as possible with all of the federal agencies from which it receives information.

REF: The Secret Service should not and does not plan to develop its own intelligence gathering facilities to duplicate the existing facilities of other Federal agencies.
HYP: The Secret Service should not and does not plan to develop its own intelligence gathering facilities to duplicate the existing facilities of other federal agencies.

REF: In planning its data processing techniques,
HYP: In planning, it's being a processing technique.

REF: the Secret Service should attempt to develop a system compatible with those of the agencies from which most of its data will come. Note:
HYP: The Secret Service should attempt to develop a system compatible with those of the agencies on which most of its data will come known.

REF: In evaluating data processing techniques of the Secret Service,
HYP: Invaluating data processing techniques of the Secret Service.

REF: the Commission had occasion to become informed, to a limited extent, about the data processing techniques of other Federal intelligence and law enforcement agencies.
HYP: The commission had occasion to become informed to a limited extent about the data processing techniques of other federal intelligence and law enforcement agencies.

REF: The Commission was struck by the apparent lack of effort, on an interagency basis,
HYP: The commission was struck by the apparent lack of effort on an interagency basis.

REF: to develop coordinated and mutually compatible systems, even where such coordination would not seem inconsistent
HYP: to develop coordinated and mutually compatible systems, even where such coordination would not seem inconsistent.

REF: with the particular purposes of the agency involved. The Commission recognizes that this is a controversial area
HYP: with the particular purposes of the agency involved. The commission recognizes that this is a controversial area.

REF: and that many strongly held views are advanced in resistance to any suggestion that an effort be made to impose any degree of coordination.
HYP: and that many strongly held views are advanced in resistance to any suggestion that an effort be made to impose any degree of coordination.

REF: This matter is obviously beyond the jurisdiction of the Commission,
HYP: This matter is obviously beyond the jurisdiction of the commission.

REF: but it seems to warrant further study before each agency becomes irrevocably committed to separate action.
HYP: But it seems to warrant further study before each agency becomes irrevocably committed to separate actions.

REF: The Commission, therefore, recommends that the President consider ordering an inquiry into the possibility
HYP: The Commission therefore recommends that the President consider ordering an inquiry into the possibility of...

REF: that coordination might be achieved to a greater extent than seems now to be contemplated, without interference with the primary mission of each agency involved.
HYP: that coordination might be achieved to a greater extent than seems now to be contemplated without interference with the primary mission of the agency involved.

REF: Protective Research participation in advance arrangements.
HYP: Protected research participation in advance arrangements.

REF: Since the assassination, Secret Service procedures have been changed to require that a member of PRS accompany each advance survey team
HYP: Since the assassination, secret service procedures have been changed to require that a member of PRS accompany to advance a survey team.

REF: to establish liaison with local intelligence gathering agencies and to provide for the immediate evaluation of information received from them.
HYP: ...to establish liaison with local intelligence gathering agencies and to provide for the immediate evaluation of information received from them.

REF: This PRS agent will also be responsible for establishing an informal local liaison committee
HYP: This PRS agent will also be responsible for establishing an informal local liaison committee.

REF: to make certain that all protective intelligence activities are coordinated.
HYP: To make certain that all protective intelligence activities are coordinated.

REF: Based on its experience during this period, the Secret Service now recommends that additional personnel be made available to PRS
HYP: Based on its experience during this period, the Secret Service now recommends that additional personnel be made available to PRS.

REF: so that these arrangements can be made permanent without adversely affecting the operations of the Service's field offices.
HYP: so that these arrangements can be made permanent without adversely affecting the operations of the services field offices.

REF: The Commission regards this as a most useful innovation and urges that the practice be continued.
HYP: The Commission regards this as the most useful innovation and urges that the practice be continued.

REF: Liaison With Local Law Enforcement Agencies
HYP: We need some local law enforcement agencies.

REF: Advice by the Secret Service to local police in metropolitan areas relating to the assistance expected in connection with a Presidential visit
HYP: ...advised by the Secret Service to local police in metropolitan areas relating to the assistance expected in connection with the presidential visit.

REF: has hitherto been handled on an informal basis.
HYP: I said, you've been handled on a normal basis.

REF: The Service should consider preparing formal explanations of the cooperation anticipated during a Presidential visit to a city,
HYP: The service should consider preparing formal explanations of the cooperation anticipated during the presidential visit to the city.

REF: in formats that can be communicated to each level of local authorities.
HYP: in formats that can be communicated to each level of local authorities.

REF: Thus, the local chief of police could be given a master plan, prepared for the occasion, of all protective measures to be taken during the visit;
HYP: The local chief of police could be given a master plan prepared for the occasion of all protective measures to be taken during the visit.

REF: each patrolman might be given a prepared booklet of instructions explaining what is expected of him. The Secret Service has expressed concern
HYP: Each patrolman might be given a prepared booklet of instructions explaining what is expected of him. The Secret Service has expressed concern.

REF: that written instructions might come into the hands of local newspapers, to the prejudice of the precautions described.
HYP: that written instructions might come into the hands of local newspapers to the prejudice of the precautions described.

REF: However, the instructions must be communicated to the local police in any event and can be leaked to the press whether or not they are in writing.
HYP: However, the instructions must be communicated to the local police in any event, and can be leaked to the press whether or not they are in writing.

REF: More importantly, the lack of carefully prepared and carefully transmitted instructions for typical visits to cities
HYP: More importantly, the lack of carefully prepared and carefully transmitted instructions for typical visits to cities.

REF: can lead to lapses in protection, such as the confusion in Dallas about whether members of the public were permitted on overpasses.
HYP: ...can lead to lapses in protection, such as the confusion in Dallas about whether members of the public were permitted on overpasses...

REF: Such instructions will not fit all circumstances, of course,
HYP: Such instructions will not fit in all circumstances, of course.

REF: and should not be relied upon to the detriment of the imaginative application of judgment in special cases.
HYP: and should not be relied upon to the detriment of the imaginative application of judgment in special cases.

REF: Inspection of Buildings
HYP: Thank you.

REF: Since the assassination of President Kennedy, the Secret Service has been experimenting with new techniques in the inspection of buildings along a motorcade route.
HYP: Since the assassination of President Kennedy, the Secret Service has been experimenting with new techniques in the inspection of buildings along the motor-cage route.

REF: According to Secretary Dillon,
HYP: according to secretary

REF: the studies indicate that there is some utility in attempting to designate certain buildings as involving a higher risk than others.
HYP: The studies indicate that there is some utility in attempting to designate certain buildings as involving a higher risk than others.

REF: The Commission strongly encourages these efforts to improve protection along a motorcade route.
HYP: The Commission strongly encourages these efforts to improve protection along motorcade routes.

REF: The Secret Service should utilize the personnel of other Federal law enforcement offices
HYP: The Secret Service should utilize the personnel of other federal law enforcement offices.

REF: in the locality to assure adequate manpower for this task, as it is now doing.
HYP: in the locality to assure adequate manpower for this task, as it is now doing.

REF: Lack of adequate resources is an unacceptable excuse for failing to improve advance precautions
HYP: Lack of adequate resources is an unacceptable excuse for failing to improve advanced precautions.

REF: in this crucial area of Presidential protection.
HYP: In this crucial area of presidential protection...

REF: Secret Service Personnel and Facilities
HYP: Secret Service personnel and facilities.

REF: Testimony and other evidence before the Commission
HYP: Testimony and other evidence before the commission.

REF: suggest that the Secret Service is trying to accomplish its job with too few people and without adequate modern equipment.
HYP: ...suggest that the Secret Service is trying to accomplish its job with too few people and without adequate modern equipment.

REF: Although Chief Rowley does not complain about the pay scale for Secret Service agents,
HYP: Although Chief Foley does not complain about the pay scale for Secret Service agents.

REF: salaries are below those of the FBI and leading municipal police forces.
HYP: Salaries are below those of the FBI and leading municipal police.

REF: The assistant to the Director of the FBI testified that
HYP: Assistant to the director of the FBI testified that...

REF: the caseload of each FBI agent averaged 20 to 25, and he felt that this was high.
HYP: The caseload of each FBI agent averaged 20 to 25, and he felt that this was high.

REF: Chief Rowley testified that the present workload of each Secret Service agent averages 110.1 cases.
HYP: Chief Crowley testified that the present will quote each Secret Service agent averages 110.1 cases.

REF: While these statistics relate to the activities of Secret Service agents stationed in field offices and not the White House detail,
HYP: While these statistics relate to the activities of Secret Service agents stationed in field offices and not the White House details...

REF: field agents supplement those on the detail, particularly when the President is traveling.
HYP: Field agents supplement those on the detail, particularly when the president is traveling.

REF: Although the Commission does not know whether the cases involved are entirely comparable,
HYP: Although the commission does not know whether the cases involved are entirely comfortable...

REF: these figures suggest that the agents of the Secret Service are substantially overworked.
HYP: These figures suggest that the agents of the Secret Service are substantially overlooked.

REF: In its budget request for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 1964,
HYP: In its budget request for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 1964...

REF: the Secret Service sought funds for 25 new positions, primarily in field offices. This increase has been approved by the Congress.
HYP: The Secret Service sought funds for 25 new positions, primarily in field offices. This increase has been approved by the Congress.

REF: Chief Rowley explained that this would not provide enough additional manpower to take all the measures which he considers required.
HYP: Chief Foley explained that this would not provide enough additional manpower to take all the measures which he considers required.

REF: However, the 1964 to 65 budget request was submitted in November 1963
HYP: However, the 1964 to 65 budget request was submitted in November 1963.

REF: and requests for additional personnel were not made because of the studies then being conducted.
HYP: and requests for additional personnel were not made because of the studies then being conducted.

REF: The Secret Service has now presented its recommendations to the Bureau of the Budget. The plan proposed by the Service
HYP: The Secret Service has now presented its recommendations to the Bureau of the Budget. The plan proposed by the Service...

REF: would take approximately 20 months to implement and require expenditures of approximately $3,000,000 during that period.
HYP: would take approximately 20 months to implement and require expenditures of approximately $3 million during that period.

REF: The plan provides for an additional 205 agents for the Secret Service. Seventeen of this number are proposed for the Protective Research Section;
HYP: The plan provides for an additional 205 agents for the Secret Service. 17 of this number are proposed for the protective research section.

REF: 145 are proposed for the field offices to handle the increased volume of security investigations
HYP: 145 are proposed for the field officers to handle the increased volume of security investigations.

REF: and be available to protect the President or Vice President when they travel;
HYP: and be available to protect the president or vice president when he travels.

REF: 18 agents are proposed for a rotating pool which will go through an intensive training cycle and also be available to supplement the White House detail
HYP: 18 agents are proposed for a rotating pool, which will go through an intensive training cycle and also be available to supplement the White House details.

REF: in case of unexpected need; and 25 additional agents are recommended to provide the Vice President full protection.
HYP: In case of unexpected need and 25, additional agents are recommended to provide the vice president for protection.

REF: The Commission urges that the Bureau of the Budget review these recommendations with the Secret Service and authorize a request for the necessary supplemental appropriation,
HYP: The commission urges that the Bureau of the Budget renew these recommendations with the Secret Service and authorize a request for the necessary supplemental appropriation.

REF: as soon as it can be justified. The Congress has often stressed that it will support any reasonable request for funds for the protection of the President.
HYP: As soon as it can be justified, the Congress has often stressed that it will support any reasonable request for funds for the protection of the president.

REF: Manpower and Technical Assistance From Other Agencies
HYP: Manpower and technical assistance from other agencies.

REF: Before the assassination the Secret Service infrequently requested other Federal law enforcement agencies to provide personnel
HYP: Before the assassination, the Secret Service had frequently requested other federal law enforcement agencies to provide personnel...

REF: to assist in its protection functions.
HYP: to assist in its protection function.

REF: Since the assassination, the Service has experimented with the use of agents borrowed for short periods from such agencies.
HYP: Since the assassination, the service has experimented with the use of agents borrowed for short periods from such agencies.

REF: It has used other Treasury law enforcement agents on special experiments in building and route surveys in places to which the President frequently travels.
HYP: It has used other treasury law enforcement agents on special experiments in building and route surveys in places to which the president frequently travels.

REF: It has also used other Federal law enforcement agents during Presidential visits to cities in which such agents are stationed.
HYP: It has also used other federal law enforcement agents during presidential visits to cities in which such agents are stationed.

REF: Thus, in the 4 months following the assassination,
HYP: in the form of the assassination

REF: the FBI, on 16 separate occasions, supplied a total of 139 agents to assist in protection work during a Presidential visit,
HYP: The FBI on 16 separate occasions supplied a total of 139 agents to assist in protection during a presidential visit.

REF: which represents a departure from its prior practice.
HYP: which represents a departure from its fire practice.

REF: From February 11 through June 30, 1964,
HYP: February 11, June 30, 1964.

REF: the Service had the advantage of 9,500 hours of work by other enforcement agencies.
HYP: The service had the advantage of $9,500 of work by other enforcement agencies.

REF: The FBI has indicated that it is willing to continue to make such assistance available,
HYP: The FBI has indicated that it is willing to continue to make such assistance available.

REF: even though it agrees with the Secret Service that it is preferable for the Service to have enough agents to handle all protective demands.
HYP: Even though it agrees with the Secret Service that it is preferable for the service to have enough agents to handle all protective demands.

REF: The Commission endorses these efforts to supplement the Service's own personnel by obtaining, for short periods of time,
HYP: The Commission endorses these efforts to supplement the services on personnel by obtaining for short periods of time...

REF: the assistance of trained Federal law enforcement officers.
HYP: The assistance of trained federal law enforcement officers.

REF: In view of the ever-increasing mobility of American Presidents, it seems unlikely that the Service could or should increase its own staff to a size
HYP: In view of the ever-increasing mobility of American presidents, it seems unlikely that the service group should increase its own staff to a size...

REF: which would permit it to provide adequate protective manpower for all situations.
HYP: which was permitted to provide adequate protective manpower for all situations.

REF: The Commission recommends that the agencies involved determine how much periodic assistance they can provide, and that each such agency
HYP: The commission recommends that the agencies involved determine how much periodic assistance they can provide and that each such agency...

REF: and the Secret Service enter into a formal agreement defining such arrangements.
HYP: and the Secret Service enter into a formal agreement defining such arrangements.

REF: It may eventually be desirable to codify the practice in an Executive order.
HYP: It may eventually be desirable to codify the practice in an executive order.

REF: The Secret Service will be better able to plan its own long-range personnel requirements if it knows with reasonable certainty
HYP: The Secret Service will be better able to plan its own long-range personnel requirements if it knows with reasonable certainty.

REF: the amount of assistance that it can expect from other agencies.
HYP: The amount of assistance that it can expect from other agencies.

REF: The occasional use of personnel from other Federal agencies to assist in protecting the President has a further advantage. It symbolizes the reality
HYP: Occasional use of personnel from other federal agencies to assist in protecting the president has a further advantage. It symbolizes the reality of the...

REF: that the job of protecting the President has not been and cannot be exclusively the responsibility of the Secret Service.
HYP: that the job of protecting the president has not been and cannot be exclusively the responsibility of the Secret Service.

REF: The Secret Service in the past has sometimes guarded its right to be acknowledged as the sole protector of the Chief Executive.
HYP: The Secret Service in the past has sometimes guarded its right to be acknowledged as the sole protector of the chief executive.

REF: This no longer appears to be the case.
HYP: This snow bomber appears to be the case.

REF: Protecting the President is a difficult and complex task which requires full use of the best resources of many parts of our Government.
HYP: Protecting the president is a difficult and complex task, which requires full use of the best resources of many parts of our government.

REF: Recognition that the responsibility must be shared increases the likelihood that it will be met.
HYP: Recognition that the responsibility must be shared increases the likelihood that it will be met.

REF: Much of the Secret Service work requires the development and use of highly sophisticated equipment,
HYP: Much of the Secret Service work requires the development and use of highly sophisticated equipment.

REF: some of which must be specially designed to fit unique requirements. Even before the assassination, and to a far greater extent thereafter,
HYP: Some of which must be specially designed to fix the requirements even before the assassination and to a far greater extent thereafter.

REF: the Secret Service has been receiving full cooperation in scientific research and technological development
HYP: The Secret Service has been receiving full cooperation in scientific research and technological development.

REF: from many Government agencies including the Department of Defense and the President's Office of Science and Technology.
HYP: For many government agencies, including the Department of Defense and the President's Office of Science and Technology...

REF: Even if the manpower and technological resources of the Secret Service are adequately augmented,
HYP: Even if the manpower and technological resources of the Secret Service are adequately augmented.

REF: it will continue to rely in many respects upon the greater resources of the Office of Science and Technology and other agencies.
HYP: It will continue to rely in many respects upon the greater resources of the Office of Science and Technology and other agencies.

REF: The Commission recommends that the present arrangements
HYP: The Commission recommends that the present arranged this.

REF: with the Office of Science and Technology and the other Federal agencies that have been so helpful to the Secret Service be placed on a permanent and formal basis.
HYP: The Office of Science and Technology and the other federal agencies that have been so helpful to the Secret Service be placed on a prominent and formal basis.

REF: The exchange of letters dated August 31, 1964,
HYP: The exchange of letters dated August 31, 1964.

REF: between Secretary Dillon and Donald F. Hornig, Special Assistant to the President for Science and Technology, is a useful effort in the right direction.
HYP: Between Secretary Dillon and Arnold F. For the special assistant to the president of science and technology. Is a useful effort in the right direction.

REF: The Service should negotiate a memorandum of understanding with each agency that has been assisting it and from which it can expect to need help in the future.
HYP: The service should negotiate a memorandum of understanding with the agency that has been assisting it and from which it can expect to need help in the future.

REF: The essential terms of such memoranda might well be embodied in an Executive order.
HYP: The essential terms of such memorandum might well be embodied in an executive order.

REF: This Commission can recommend no procedures for the future protection of our Presidents which will guarantee security.
HYP: This commission can recommend no procedures for the future protection of our presidents, which will guarantee security.

REF: The demands on the President in the execution of His responsibilities in today's world are so varied and complex
HYP: The demands of the president and the execution of his responsibilities in today's world are so varied and complex.

REF: and the traditions of the office in a democracy such as ours are so deep-seated as to preclude absolute security.
HYP: And the traditions of the office in a democracy such as ours are so deep-seated as to preclude absolute security.

REF: The Commission has, however, from its examination of the facts of President Kennedy's assassination
HYP: The Commission has, however, from its examination of the facts of President Kennedy's assassination...

REF: made certain recommendations which it believes would, if adopted,
HYP: made certain recommendations, which it believes would get adopted.

REF: materially improve upon the procedures in effect at the time of President Kennedy's assassination and result in a substantial lessening of the danger.
HYP: ...materially improve upon the procedures in effect at the time of President Kennedy's assassination... ...and result in a substantial lessening of the danger...

REF: As has been pointed out, the Commission has not resolved all the proposals which could be made. The Commission nevertheless is confident that,
HYP: As has been pointed out, the commission has not resolved all the proposals which could be made. The commission, nevertheless, is confident that...

REF: with the active cooperation of the responsible agencies and with the understanding of the people of the United States in their demands upon their President,
HYP: with the active cooperation of the responsible agencies and with the understanding of the people of the United States and their demands upon their president.

REF: the recommendations we have here suggested would greatly advance the security of the office without any impairment of our fundamental liberties.
HYP: The recommendations we have here suggested would greatly advance the security of the office without any impairment of our fundamental liberties.

