WER: 0.2922

REF: and detailing police in civilian clothes to be scattered throughout the sizable crowd.
HYP: And the tail of police's disability falls to these chapters throughout the size of the crowd.

REF: When President and Mrs. Kennedy shook hands with members of the public along the fences surrounding the reception area, they were closely guarded by Secret Service agents
HYP: When President and Mrs. Kennedy ship hands with members of the public along the fences surrounding the reception area, they were closely guarded by Secret Service agents.

REF: who responded to the unplanned event with dispatch.
HYP: hypotheticals.

REF: As described in chapter 2, the President directed that his car stop on two occasions during the motorcade so that he could greet members of the public.
HYP: As described in Chapter 2, the President directed that his car stop on locations during the World Trade so that he could greet members of the public.

REF: At these stops, agents from the Presidential follow-up car stood between the President and the public,
HYP: At least stop, agents from the presidential fall apart, and stir between the president and the public.

REF: and on one occasion Agent Kellerman left the front seat of the President's car to take a similar position.
HYP: And on one occasion, agents tell them what the front seat of the presidents are to take a similar position.

REF: The Commission regards such impromptu stops as presenting an unnecessary danger,
HYP: The Commission regards such an impromptu stop as presenting an unnecessary danger.

REF: but finds that the Secret Service agents did all that could have been done to take protective measures.
HYP: but finds that the Secret Service agents did all that could have been done to take protective measures.

REF: The Presidential limousine.
HYP: Thank you.

REF: The limousine used by President Kennedy in Dallas was a convertible with a detachable, rigid plastic "bubble" top
HYP: The limousine used by President Kennedy in Dallas was a convertible with a detachable rigid plastic bubble top.

REF: which was neither bulletproof nor bullet resistant.
HYP: Thank you.

REF: The last Presidential vehicle with any protection against small-arms fire left the White House in 1953.
HYP: The last presidential vehicle with any protection against small arms fire left the White House in 1953.

REF: It was not then replaced because the state of the art did not permit the development of a bulletproof top of sufficiently light weight
HYP: It was not every place because the state of the art did not commit the development of a bullet who thought of sufficiently wide weight.

REF: to permit its removal on those occasions when the President wished to ride in an open car.
HYP: I'll see you next time.

REF: The Secret Service believed that it was very doubtful that any President would ride regularly in a vehicle with a fixed top, even though transparent.
HYP: The Secret Service believes that it was very doubtful that any president would ride regularly in a musical with a big stop, even though transparently.

REF: Since the assassination, the Secret Service, with the assistance of other Federal agencies and of private industry,
HYP: Since the assassination, the secret service with assistance of other federal agencies in the private industry...

REF: has developed a vehicle for the better protection of the President.
HYP: ...has developed a vehicle for the better protection of the president...

REF: Access to passenger compartment of Presidential car.
HYP: I'm screening a test in What kind of test is the calibration especial The ribbons who ride this Richard Inferno looking to 속 theirmiers which there is a different tone

REF: On occasion the Secret Service has been permitted to have an agent riding in the passenger compartment with the President.
HYP: On occasion, the Secret Service has been committed to have an agent riding in the passenger's department to the president.

REF: Presidents have made it clear, however, that they did not favor this or any other arrangement which interferes with the privacy of the President and his guests.
HYP: Presidents have made it clear, however, that they did not favor this or any other agents, which is a fear for the privacy of the president and his staff.

REF: The Secret Service has therefore suggested this practice only on extraordinary occasions.
HYP: The Secret Service has therefore suggested this practice only on extraordinary occasions.

REF: Without attempting to prescribe or recommend specific measures which should be employed for the future protection of Presidents,
HYP: without attempting to prescribe or recommend specific measures which should be employed for the future protection of the president.

REF: the Commission does believe that there are aspects of the protective measures employed in the motorcade at Dallas which deserve special comment.
HYP: The Commission does believe that there are aspects of the protective measures employed in the motorcade in Dallas, which deserve special comments.

REF: The Presidential vehicle in use in Dallas, described in chapter 2,
HYP: The presidential musical in Easton Dallas described in Chapter 2.

REF: had no special design or equipment which would have permitted the Secret Service agent riding in the driver's compartment
HYP: I have no special design or equipment. We are not committed to secret service agent by the driver's department.

REF: to move into the passenger section without hindrance or delay. Had the vehicle been so designed it is possible that an agent riding in the front seat
HYP: To move into the passenger section without entering storage away, has the vehicle been so designed? It is possible that an agent's riding in the front seat...

REF: could have reached the President in time to protect him from the second and fatal shot to hit the President.
HYP: Could have reached the President in time to protect him from the second and fatal shock to get the President...

REF: However, such access to the President was interfered with both by the metal bar some 15 inches above the back of the front seat
HYP: However, such access to the president was interfered with, followed by the metal bars some 15 inches above the back of the front seat.

REF: and by the passengers in the jump seats.
HYP: and by the passengers in the jumpsuit.

REF: In contrast, the Vice Presidential vehicle, although not specially designed for that purpose,
HYP: In contrast, the vice presidential musical, although not specially designed for that purpose,

REF: had no passenger in a jump seat between Agent Youngblood and Vice President Johnson to interfere with Agent Youngblood's ability
HYP: I have no passenger in a jump seat between Agent Youngblood and Vice President Johnson to interfere with Agent Youngblood's adult seat.

REF: to take a protective position in the passenger compartment before the third shot was fired.
HYP: to take the protective position in the passenger compartment before the third shot is fired.

REF: The assassination suggests that it would have been of prime importance
HYP: The assassination suggests that it would have been of prime importance.

REF: in the protection of the President if the Presidential car permitted immediate access to the President by a Secret Service agent at the first sign of danger.
HYP: In the protection of the president, if the president will have committed immediate access to the president, by a secret service agent at the first time of the year.

REF: At that time the agents on the framing boards of the follow-up car were expected to perform such a function.
HYP: At that time, the agents on the framing boards of the fall of the park were expected to perform such a function.

REF: However, these agents could not reach the President's car when it was traveling at an appreciable rate of speed.
HYP: However, these agents did not reach the President's car when it was traveling at an appreciable rate of speed.

REF: Even if the car is traveling more slowly, the delay involved in reaching the President may be crucial.
HYP: Even if the car is traveling more slowly, the delay involved in reaching the president may be crucial.

REF: It is clear that at the time of the shots in Dallas, Agent Clinton J. Hill leaped to the President's rescue as quickly as humanly possible.
HYP: It is clear that at the time of the shots in Dallas, Agent Clinton J. Hill left to the president's rescue as quickly as usually possible.

REF: Even so, analysis of the motion picture films taken by amateur photographer Zapruder
HYP: Even so, analysis of the motion picture films taken by amateur photographers from the earth.

REF: reveals that Hill first placed his hand on the Presidential car at frame 343, 30 frames
HYP: Reveal that our first place is had on the presidential card at frame 343. 33.

REF: and therefore approximately 1.6 seconds after the President was shot in the head.
HYP: And there are approximately 1.6 seconds after the president is shot in the head.

REF: About 3.7 seconds after the President received this wound,
HYP: About 3.7 seconds after the president received his loan.

REF: Hill had both feet on the car and was climbing aboard to assist President and Mrs. Kennedy.
HYP: I have both feet on the park and was climbing aboard to the sister president and Mrs. Kennedy.

REF: Planning for motorcade contingencies.
HYP: Thank you.

REF: In response to inquiry by the Commission regarding the instructions to agents in a motorcade
HYP: In response to inquiry by the Commission regarding the instructions for agents that are located...

REF: of emergency procedures to be taken in a contingency such as that which actually occurred, the Secret Service responded, quote,
HYP: of emergency procedures to be taken at contingency such as that was actually heard. The Secret Service responded, because he was coming at the hospital.

REF: The Secret Service has consistently followed two general principles in emergencies involving the President.
HYP: The Secret Service has consistently followed the general principles in emergencies involving the president.

REF: All agents are so instructed.
HYP: I'll be right back.

REF: The first duty of the agents in the motorcade is to attempt to cover the President as closely as possible and practicable
HYP: The first duty of the agents in the motorcade is to attempt to cover the president as closely as possible and practical.

REF: and to shield him by attempting to place themselves between the President and any source of danger.
HYP: and to shield him by attempting to place themselves between the president and any source of danger.

REF: Secondly, agents are instructed to remove the President as quickly as possible from known or impending danger.
HYP: Secondly, agents are instructed to remove the president as quickly as possible. From now on, it can be dangerous.

REF: Agents are instructed that it is not their responsibility to investigate or evaluate a present danger,
HYP: Agents are instructed that it is not their responsibility to investigate or evaluate the present danger.

REF: but to consider any untoward circumstances as serious and to afford the President maximum protection at all times.
HYP: but to consider any untoward circumstances as serious as to afford the president's maximum protection at all times.

REF: No responsibility rests upon those agents near the President for the identification or arrest of any assassin or an attacker.
HYP: No responsibility rests upon those agents near the president for the identification or arrest of any assassin or an attack.

REF: Their primary responsibility is to stay with and protect the President.
HYP: Your primary responsibility is to stay with unprotected president.

REF: Beyond these two principles the Secret Service believes a detailed contingency or emergency plan is not feasible
HYP: Beyond these two principles, the Secret Service believes a detailed contingency or emergency plan is not feasible.

REF: because the variations possible preclude effective planning.
HYP: because the variation is possible for clean effective planning.

REF: A number of steps are taken, however, to permit appropriate steps to be taken in an emergency.
HYP: A number of steps are taken, however, to commit appropriate steps to be taken in an emergency.

REF: For instance, the lead car always is manned by Secret Service agents familiar with the area and with local law enforcement officials;
HYP: For instance, the lead car always is met by secret service agents familiar with the area and with multiple enforcement officials.

REF: the radio net in use in motorcades is elaborate and permits a number of different means of communication with various local points.
HYP: The radio that's in use of motor games is elaborate and permits a number of different means of communication with various local partners.

REF: A doctor is in the motorcade.
HYP: Its��走了

REF: This basic approach to the problem of planning for emergencies is sound.
HYP: This basic approach to the problem of planning for emergencies is found.

REF: Any effort to prepare detailed contingency plans might well have the undesirable effect of inhibiting quick and imaginative responses.
HYP: Any effort to prepare detailed contingency plans might well have the undesirable effect of inhibiting points and disaster to respond to...

REF: If the advance preparation is thorough, and the protective devices and techniques employed are sound,
HYP: Its advanced preparation is furl, and the protective devices and techniques of fully are sound.

REF: those in command should be able to direct the response appropriate to the emergency. The Commission finds that the Secret Service agents in the motorcade
HYP: Those in command should be able to direct the response to appropriate the emergency. The commission finds that the secret service agents in the emergency.

REF: who were immediately responsible for the President's safety reacted promptly at the time the shots were fired.
HYP: Who were immediately responsible for the president's safety, reacting promptly at the time the shots were fired.

REF: Their actions demonstrate that the President and the Nation can expect courage and devotion to duty from the agents of the Secret Service.
HYP: Their actions demonstrate that the president and the nation can expect courage and devotion to duty on the agents of the Secret Service.

REF: Recommendations.
HYP: Thank you.

REF: The Commission's review of the provisions for Presidential protection at the time of President Kennedy's trip to Dallas demonstrates the need for substantial improvements.
HYP: The Commission's review of the provisions for presidential protection at the time of President Kennedy's trip to Dallas demonstrates the need for substantial improvement.

REF: Since the assassination, the Secret Service and the Department of the Treasury
HYP: Since the assassination, the Secret Service and the Department of the Treasury...

REF: have properly taken the initiative in reexamining major aspects of Presidential protection.
HYP: I've probably taken the initiative in re-examining major aspects of presidential protection.

REF: Many changes have already been made and others are contemplated, some of them in response to the Commission's questions and informal suggestions.
HYP: Many changes have already been made and others are contemplated, some of them in response to the Commission's questions and informal suggestions.

REF: Assassination a Federal Crime
HYP: assassination of federal crime.

REF: There was no Federal criminal jurisdiction over the assassination of President Kennedy.
HYP: There was no federal criminal jurisdiction over the assassination of President Kennedy.

REF: Had there been reason to believe that the assassination was the result of a conspiracy, Federal jurisdiction could have been asserted;
HYP: Have there been reason to believe that the assassination was the result of a conspiracy that all jurisdictions have been serving?

REF: it has long been a Federal crime to conspire to injure any Federal officer, on account of, or while he is engaged in, the lawful discharge of the duties of his office.
HYP: It has long been a federal crime to conspire to injure any federal officer on account of more while he is engaged in the law of discharge and the duties of his office.

REF: Murder of the President has never been covered by Federal law, however, so that once it became reasonably clear that the killing was the act of a single person,
HYP: The murder of the president has never been covered by federal law, however, so that once it became reasonably clear that the killing would be after the single person.

REF: the State of Texas had exclusive jurisdiction.
HYP: The state of Texas has its place in jurisdiction.

REF: It is anomalous that Congress has legislated in other ways touching upon the safety of the Chief Executive or other Federal officers,
HYP: It is anomalous that Congress has legislated in other ways touching upon the safety of the chief executive or other federal officers.

REF: without making an attack on the President a crime. Threatening harm to the President is a Federal offense,
HYP: without making an attack on the president's crime threatening harm to the president in the federal offense.

REF: as is advocacy of the overthrow of the Government by the assassination of any of its officers.
HYP: As is adocacy of the overthrow of the government by the assassination of any of its officers.

REF: The murder of Federal judges, U.S. attorneys and marshals, and a number of other specifically designated
HYP: The model of federal judges, U.S. attorneys and marshals, and a number of others specifically designated...

REF: Federal law enforcement officers is a Federal crime.
HYP: Federal law enforcement officers in the federal crime.

REF: Equally anomalous are statutory provisions which specifically authorize the Secret Service to protect the President,
HYP: ... ... ... ... ...

REF: without authorizing it to arrest anyone who harms him. The same provisions authorize the Service to arrest without warrant
HYP: without authorizing it to arrest anyone who harms them. The same provisions authorize the service to arrest without warranting.

REF: persons committing certain offenses, including counterfeiting and certain frauds involving Federal checks or securities.
HYP: Persons committing certain offenses, including counter-fitting and certain frauds involving federal check-ups or security.

REF: The Commission agrees with the Secret Service that it should be authorized to make arrests without warrant
HYP: The Commission agrees with the Secret Service that it should be authorized to make arrests without warning.

REF: for all offenses within its jurisdiction, as are FBI agents and Federal marshals.
HYP: For all offenses within its jurisdiction, SRF CIA agents and federal marshals.

REF: There have been a number of efforts to make assassination a Federal crime, particularly after the assassination of President McKinley
HYP: There have been a number of efforts to make the assassination a federal crime, particularly after the assassination of President McHugh.

REF: and the attempt on the life of President-elect Franklin D. Roosevelt.
HYP: And the tips on the life of President DeLess Franklin D. Louis is all...

REF: In 1902 bills passed both Houses of Congress but failed of enactment when the Senate refused to accept the conference report.
HYP: In 1902, bills passed both houses of Congress, but failed in an action when the Senate refused to accept the conference before the Senate.

REF: A number of bills were introduced immediately following the assassination of President Kennedy.
HYP: A number of bills were introduced immediately following the assassination of President Kennedy.

REF: The Commission recommends to the Congress that it adopt legislation which would:
HYP: The Commission recommends to the Congress that it adopt legislation.

REF: Punish the murder or manslaughter of, attempt or conspiracy to murder, kidnaping of and assault upon
HYP: Punish the murder of a manslaughter of the tent. What conspiracy to murder? Ignat the cult and assault upon you.

REF: the President, Vice President, or other officer next in the order of succession to the Office of President, the President-elect and the Vice-President-elect,
HYP: The President, Vice President, or the Officer Next to the Order of Succession, the Officer President, the President of the West, and the Vice President of the West.

REF: whether or not the act is committed while the victim is in the performance of his official duties or on account of such performance.
HYP: Whether or not the act is committed while the victim is in the performance of his official duty, or on account of such performance...

REF: Such a statute would cover the President and Vice President or, in the absence of a Vice President, the person next in order of succession.
HYP: Such a statue would cover the president and vice president, or in the absence of the vice president, the president in order of succession.

REF: During the period between election and inauguration, the President-elect and Vice-President-elect would also be covered.
HYP: During the period between elections and inauguration, the president's election, vice president's election will also be covered.

REF: Restricting the coverage in this way would avoid unnecessary controversy over the inclusion or exclusion of other officials who are in the order of succession
HYP: Restricting the coverage in this way would avoid unnecessary controversy over the inclusion or exclusion of other officials who are in the order of succession.

REF: or who hold important governmental posts.
HYP: Thank you.

REF: In addition, the restriction would probably eliminate a need for the requirement which has been urged as necessary for the exercise of Federal power,
HYP: In addition, the restriction would probably eliminate the use of the requirement, which has been heard as necessary for the exercise of federal power.

REF: that the hostile act occur while the victim is engaged in or because of the performance of official duties.
HYP: that the hospital act occurs while the victim is engaged in all because of the performance of official duty.

REF: The governmental consequences of assassination of one of the specified officials give the United States ample power to act for its own protection.
HYP: The governmental consequences of the assassination of one of the specified officials in the United States have no power to act for its own protection.

REF: The activities of the victim at the time an assassination occurs and the motive for the assassination
HYP: The activities of the victims at the time of an assassination occurs. And the moment for the assassination...

REF: bear no relationship to the injury to the United States which follows from the act.
HYP: There are no relationships in the United States which fall from the death.

REF: This point was ably made in the 1902 debate by Senator George F. Hoar, the sponsor of the Senate bill, quote,
HYP: This point was made in the 1902 debate by Senator George F. Moore, the sponsor of the Senate bill.

REF: what this bill means to punish is the crime of interruption of the Government of the United States and the destruction of its security by striking down the life
HYP: What this bill means to punish is the crime of the corruption of the government of the United States and the destruction of its security by striking down the line.

REF: of the person who is actually in the exercise of the executive power, or
HYP: of the person who is actually in the exercise of the executive power of force.

REF: of such persons as have been constitutionally and lawfully provided to succeed thereto in case of a vacancy. It is important to this country
HYP: of such persons that have been constitutionally and lawfully provided to succeed, there too, in case of a vacancy, it is important to this country.

REF: that the interruption shall not take place for an hour, end quote.
HYP: that the interruption shall not take place for an hour and for a while.

REF: Enactment of this statute would mean that the investigation of any of the acts covered and of the possibility of a further attempt
HYP: An accident of this statute would mean that the investigation of any of the acts covered and of the possibility of a father's death.

REF: would be conducted by Federal law enforcement officials, in particular, the FBI with the assistance of the Secret Service.
HYP: We'll be conducted by federal law enforcement officials, in particular the FBI will be the assistance of the secret service.

REF: At present, Federal agencies participate only upon the sufferance of the local authorities.
HYP: At present, federal agencies participate only upon the self-reliance of the local authorities.

REF: While the police work of the Dallas authorities in the early identification and apprehension of Oswald was both efficient and prompt,
HYP: While police work of the Dallas authorities in the early identification and repretention of our fault was both efficient and powerful.

REF: FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover, who strongly supports such legislation, testified that the absence of clear Federal jurisdiction
HYP: FBI Director J. Andrew Colbert, who strongly supports such legislation, testified that the absence of clear federal jurisdiction...

REF: over the assassination of President Kennedy led to embarrassment and confusion in the subsequent investigation by Federal and local authorities.
HYP: ...over the assassination of President Kennedy, led to embarrassment and confusion in the subsequent investigation by federal and local authorities.

REF: In addition, the proposed legislation will insure
HYP: In addition, the proposed legislation will ensure...

REF: that any suspects who are arrested will be Federal prisoners, subject to Federal protection from vigilante justice and other threats.
HYP: that any suspects who are arrested will be federal prisoners subject to federal protection under the law of justice and other threats.

REF: Committee of Cabinet Officers. As our Government has become more complex,
HYP: Committee of Cabinet Officers, as our government has become more complex.

REF: agencies other than the Secret Service have become involved in phases of the overall problem of protecting our national leaders.
HYP: Agencies other than the Secret Service have become involved in phases of the overall problem of protecting our national leaders.

REF: The FBI is the major domestic investigating agency of the United States,
HYP: The FBI is the major domestic investigating agency of the United States.

REF: while the CIA has the primary responsibility for collecting intelligence overseas to supplement information acquired by the Department of State.
HYP: While the CIA has the primary responsibility of collecting intelligence overseas to supplement the information acquired by the Department of State.

REF: The Secret Service must rely in large part
HYP: The secret service must go on in my heart.

REF: The Commission believes that it is necessary to improve the cooperation among these agencies
HYP: The Commission believes that it is necessary to include the cooperation among these agencies.

REF: and to emphasize that the task of Presidential protection is one of broad national concern.
HYP: and to emphasize that the task of presidential protection is one of broad national concerns.

REF: The Commission suggests that consideration might be given to assigning to a Cabinet-level committee or the National Security Council
HYP: The commission suggests that consideration might be given to a signing to a cabinet level committee or the National Security Council.

REF: (which is responsible for advising the President respecting the coordination
HYP: Which is responsible for advising the president for expecting the coordination?

REF: of departmental policies relating to the national security) the responsibility to review and oversee the protective activities of the Secret Service
HYP: of departmental policies relating to the national security and responsibility for the UN and the receiving protective activities of the secret service.

REF: and the other Federal agencies that assist in safeguarding the President. The Committee should include the Secretary of the Treasury and the Attorney General,
HYP: and other federal agencies that assist in safe farming the president to commit issues from the secretary of the treasury and attorney general

REF: and, if the Council is used, arrangements should be made for the attendance of the Secretary of the Treasury
HYP: And if the council is used, the arrangements should be made for the sentence of the secretary of the secretary.

REF: and the Attorney General at any meetings which are concerned with Presidential protection.
HYP: And the Attorney General at any meetings which are concerned with presidential protection.

REF: The Council already includes, in addition to the President and Vice President, the Secretaries of State and Defense and has a competent staff.
HYP: The council already includes, in addition to the president and vice president, the secretaries of state and defense and have a complicated staff.

REF: The foremost assignment of the Committee would be to insure that the maximum resources of the Federal Government are fully engaged in the job of protecting the President,
HYP: The foremost assignment of the committee would be to ensure that the maximum resources of the federal government are fully engaged in the job of protecting the president.

REF: by defining responsibilities clearly and overseeing their execution.
HYP: I will find the responsibilities of your release and oversee your execution.

REF: Major needs of personnel or other resources might be met more easily on its recommendation than they have been in the past.
HYP: Major needs of personnel or other resources might be met more easily on its recommendations than they have been in the past.

REF: The Committee would be able to provide guidance in defining the general nature of domestic and foreign dangers to Presidential security.
HYP: The committee would be able to provide guidance in defining the general nature of domestic and foreign dangers to presidential security.

REF: As improvements are recommended for the advance detection of potential threats to the President, it could act as a final review board.
HYP: as improvements are recommended for the vast detection of potential threats to the president. It could act as a final review for...

REF: The expert assistance and resources which it could draw upon would be particularly desirable in this complex and sensitive area.
HYP: The expert assistance and resources which you can draw upon would be particularly desirable in this complex and sensitive area.

REF: This arrangement would provide a continuing high-level contact for agencies that may wish to consult respecting particular protective measures.
HYP: This arrangement will provide a continuing high-level contact for agencies that may wish to consult respecting particular protective measures.

REF: For various reasons the Secret Service has functioned largely as an informal part of the White House staff, with the result
HYP: For various reasons, the Secret Service has functioned largely as an informal part of the White House staff. As a result...

REF: that it has been unable, as a practical matter, to exercise sufficient influence over the security precautions which surround Presidential activities.
HYP: that it has been unable as a practical matter to exercise sufficient influence over the security precautions which surround presidential activities.

REF: A Cabinet-level committee which is actively concerned with these problems would be able to discuss these matters more effectively with the President.
HYP: A cabinet-level committee which is actively concerned with these problems would be able to discuss these matters more effectively with the president.

REF: Responsibilities for Presidential Protection
HYP: Responsibilities for Presidential Protection

REF: The assignment of the responsibility of protecting the President to an agency of the Department of the Treasury was largely an historical accident.
HYP: The assignment of the responsibility of protecting the president to an agency of the Department of the Treasury was largely a historical act.

REF: The Secret Service was organized as a division of the Department of the Treasury in 1865, to deal with counterfeiting.
HYP: The secret service was organized by the Division of the Department of the Treasury in 1865. The deal was founded in 1865.

REF: In 1894,
HYP: Thank you.

REF: while investigating a plot to assassinate President Cleveland, the Service assigned a small protective detail of agents to the White House.
HYP: While investigating a plot to assassinate President Cleveland, the service assigned a small protective detail of agents to the White House.

REF: Secret Service men accompanied the President and his family to their vacation home in Massachusetts
HYP: Secret Service men accompany the president and his family to their vacation home in Massachusetts.

REF: and special details protected him in Washington, on trips, and at special functions.
HYP: and special details protected him in Washington on trips, and its special functions.

REF: These informal and part-time arrangements led to more systematic protection in 1902, after the assassination of President McKinley;
HYP: These informal and hard time arrangements led to more systematic protection in 1902 after the assassination of presidential children.

REF: the Secret Service, then the only Federal investigative agency, assumed full-time responsibility for the safety of the President.
HYP: The Secret Service, that the only federal investigative agency assumes full-time responsibility for the safety of the president.

REF: Since that time, the Secret Service has had and exercised responsibility for the physical protection of the President
HYP: Since that time, the Secret Service has had an exercise responsibility for the physical protection of the president.

REF: and also for the preventive investigation of potential threats against the President.
HYP: and also for the preventive investigation of potential threats against the president.

REF: Although the Secret Service has had the primary responsibility for the protection of the President,
HYP: Although the Secret Service has had the primary responsibility for the protection of the President.

REF: the FBI, which was established within the Department of Justice in 1908, has had in recent years an increasingly important role to play.
HYP: The FBI, which was established within the Department of Justice in 1908, has had in recent years an increasingly important role to play.

REF: In the appropriations of the FBI there has recurred annually an item for the, quote, protection of the person of the President of the United States, end quote,
HYP: In appropriations of the FBI, there has been current annually, as I can point out, the protection of the person of the President of the United States, and the whole...

REF: which first appeared in the appropriation of the Department of Justice in 1910 under the heading, quote, Miscellaneous Objects, end quote.
HYP: which first appeared in the appropriation of the Department of Justice in 1910 under the head of miscellaneous objects.

REF: Although the FBI is not charged with the physical protection of the President, it does have an assignment, as do other Government agencies,
HYP: Although the FBI is not charged with the physical protection of the president, it does have an assignment as to other government agencies.

REF: in the field of preventive investigation in regard to the President's security.
HYP: in the field of preventive investigation in regards to the president's security.

REF: As discussed above, the Bureau has attempted to meet its responsibilities in this field by spelling out in its Handbook
HYP: As discussed above, the Bureau has attempted to meet its responsibilities in this field by spelling out in its handbook.

REF: the procedures which its agents are to follow in connection with information received, quote,
HYP: The procedures which it stages are to follow in connection with information received from the

REF: indicating the possibility of an attempt against the person or safety of the President, end quote, or other protected persons.
HYP: indicating the possibility of an attempt against the person for safety of the president and hope for a protected person.

REF: With two Federal agencies operating in the same general field of preventive investigation,
HYP: with two federal agencies operating in the same general field of preventive investigation.

REF: questions inevitably arise as to the scope of each agency's authority and responsibility.
HYP: Questions inevitably arise as to the scope of each agency's authority and responsibility.

REF: As the testimony of J. Edgar Hoover and other Bureau officials revealed, the FBI did not believe that its directive required the Bureau
HYP: As the testimony of J. Andrew Hoover and other Bureau officials revealed, the FBI did not believe that its directive required the Bureau...

REF: to notify the Secret Service of the substantial information about Lee Harvey Oswald which the FBI had accumulated
HYP: ...to notify the Secret Service of the substantial information about the Harvey Oswald, which the FBI has accumulated...

REF: before the President reached Dallas.
HYP: Thank you.

REF: On the other hand, the Secret Service had no knowledge whatever of Oswald, his background, or his employment at the Book Depository,
HYP: On the other hand, the Secret Service has no knowledge of whatever possible. Is that ground for disappointment at the book of our stories?

REF: and Robert I. Bouck, who was in charge of the Protective Research Section of the Secret Service, believed that the accumulation of the facts known to the FBI
HYP: and Robert Ivo, who was in charge of the protective research section of the Secret Service, believed that the accumulation of the facts known to the FBI...

REF: should have constituted a sufficient basis to warn the Secret Service of the Oswald risk.
HYP: should have constituted a sufficient basis to want the secret service of the awful risk.

REF: The Commission believes that both the FBI and the Secret Service have too narrowly construed their respective responsibilities.
HYP: The Commission believes that both the FBI and the Secret Service have to narrowly construe their respective responsibilities.

REF: The Commission has the impression
HYP: The Commission has the impression...

REF: that too much emphasis is placed by both on the investigation of specific threats by individuals and not enough on dangers from other sources.
HYP: That too much emphasis is placed by law on the investigation of specific threats by individuals and not enough on dangers of other sources.

REF: In addition, the Commission has concluded that the Secret Service particularly tends to be the passive recipient of information
HYP: In addition, the Commission has concluded that the Secret Service particularly tends to be a passive recipient of information.

REF: regarding such threats and that its Protective Research Section is not adequately staffed or equipped
HYP: ...regarding such threats and that its protective research section is not adequately staffed or equipped.

REF: to conduct the wider investigative work that is required today for the security of the President.
HYP: To conduct a wider investigation, what that is required today for the security of the president...

REF: During the period the Commission was giving thought to this situation,
HYP: During the period the commission was giving off to the situation.

REF: the Commission received a number of proposals designed to improve current arrangements for protecting the President.
HYP: The Commission received a number of proposals designed to include current arrangements for protecting the President.

REF: These proposals included suggestions to locate exclusive responsibility for all phases of the work
HYP: These proposals include suggestions about the exclusive responsibility for all phases of the world.

REF: in one or another Government agency, to clarify the division of authority between the agencies involved, and to retain the existing system
HYP: I do notYeah Sun acopa motion bo the

REF: but expand both the scope and the operations of the existing agencies, particularly those of the Secret Service and the FBI.
HYP: but expand both the scope and the operations of the existing agencies, particularly those of the Secret Service and the FBI.

REF: It has been pointed out that the FBI, as our chief investigative agency,
HYP: It has been pointed out that the FBI is our chief investigative agency.

REF: is properly manned and equipped to carry on extensive information gathering functions within the United States.
HYP: This problem is that it would carry on extensive information gathering functions within the United States.

REF: It was also suggested that it would take a substantial period of time for the Secret Service to build up the experience and skills necessary to meet the problem.
HYP: It was also suggested that it would take a substantial period of time for the Secret Service to build up the experience and skills necessary to meet the problem.

REF: Consequently the suggestion has been made, on the one hand, that all preventive investigative functions relating to the security of the President
HYP: Consequently, the suggestion has been made on the one hand that all preventive investigative functions relating to the security of the president...

REF: should be transferred to the FBI,
HYP: to be transferred to the FBI.

REF: leaving with the Secret Service only the responsibility for the physical protection of the President, that is, the guarding function alone.
HYP: We need to be with a secret service only the responsibility for the physical protection of the president. That is, the divine function of all.

REF: On the other hand, it is urged that all features of the protection of the President and his family should be committed to an elite and independent corps.
HYP: On the other hand, it is heard that all teachers of the protection of the president and his family should be committed to the elite and independent force.

REF: It is also contended that the agents should be intimately associated with the life of the Presidential family
HYP: It is also intended that the agents should be infinitely associated with the life of the presidential family.

REF: in all its ramifications and alert to every danger that might befall it,
HYP: in all its ramifications and the work to every danger that might be followed.

REF: and ready at any instant to hazard great danger to themselves in the performance of their tremendous responsibility.
HYP: and ready at any instance to have a great danger to themselves in the performance of their tremendous responsibility.

REF: It is suggested that an organization shorn of its power to investigate all the possibilities of danger to the President
HYP: It is suggested that an organization show of its power to investigate all the possibilities of danger to the president.

REF: and becoming merely the recipient of information gathered by others would become limited solely to acts of physical alertness and personal courage
HYP: and becoming merely a recipient of information gathered by others will become limited solely to acts of physical, awareness, and personal courage.

REF: incident to its responsibilities.
HYP: Thank you.

REF: So circumscribed, it could not maintain the esprit de corps or the necessary alertness for this unique and challenging responsibility.
HYP: so circumscribed it could not maintain the s3v4 for the necessary alertness for this need and challenging responsibility

REF: While in accordance with its mandate
HYP: While in accordance with its mandate.

REF: this Commission has necessarily examined into the functioning of the various Federal agencies concerned with the tragic trip of President Kennedy to Dallas
HYP: This commission has necessarily examined the functioning of the various federal agencies concerned with the tragic threat of President Kennedy to go with.

REF: and while it has arrived at certain conclusions in respect thereto, it seems clear
HYP: And while it has arrived at certain conclusions in respect to your team, it seems clear that...

REF: that it was not within the Commission's responsibility to make specific recommendations as to the long-range organization of the President's protection,
HYP: That it was not within the Commission's responsibility to make specific recommendations as to the long range organization of the President's protection.

REF: except as conclusions flowing directly from its examination of the President's assassination can be drawn.
HYP: Accepted conclusions following directly from its examination of the president's assassination.

REF: The Commission was not asked to apply itself as did the Hoover Commission in 1949,
HYP: The Commission was not asked to apply itself as did the former Commission in 1949.

REF: for examples to a determination of the optimum organization of the President's protection.
HYP: For example, to a determination of the optimal organization of the President's protection...

REF: It would have been necessary for the Commission to take considerable testimony, much of it extraneous to the facts of the assassination of President Kennedy,
HYP: It wouldn't have been necessary for the commission to take considerable testimony, much of the extremist to the facts of the assassination of President Kennedy.

REF: to put it in a position to reach final conclusions in this respect.
HYP: To put it in a position to reach final conclusions in this respect.

REF: There are always dangers of divided responsibility,
HYP: There are always dangers of divided responsibility.

REF: duplication, and confusion of authority where more than one agency is operating in the same field; but on the other hand
HYP: ... ... ... ... ...

REF: the protection of the President is in a real sense a Government-wide responsibility which must necessarily assumed by the Department of State,
HYP: The protection of the president is in a real sense of government-wide responsibility, which must necessarily be assumed by the department of state.

REF: the FBI, the CIA, and the military intelligence agencies as well as the Secret Service.
HYP: the FBI, the CIA, and the military intelligence agencies, as well as the Secret Service.

REF: Moreover, a number of imponderable questions have to be weighed if any change in the intimate association now established
HYP: Moreover, a number of infonderable questions have to be weighted. Any change in the intimate association now established?

REF: between the Secret Service and the President and his family is contemplated.
HYP: The secret service of the president and his family is called to play the game.

REF: These considerations have induced the Commission to believe
HYP: And the sound would beQuiet Duransom16 inahyew studios gemacht....

REF: that the determination of whether or not there should be a relocation of responsibilities and functions should be left to the Executive and the Congress,
HYP: that the determination of whether or not there should be a relocation of responsibilities and functions should be left to the executive and the Congress.

REF: perhaps upon recommendations based on further studies by the Cabinet-level committee recommended above or the National Security Council.
HYP: Perhaps upon recommendations based on other studies by the Cabinet Global Committee recommended upon the National Security Council.

REF: Pending any such determination, however, this Commission is convinced of the necessity of better coordination
HYP: pending any such determination however this commission is convinced of the necessity of better coordination

REF: and direction of the activities of all existing agencies of Government which are in a position to and do, furnish information
HYP: and direction of the activities of all existing agencies of government, which are in position to, and to punish information.

REF: and services related to the security of the President.
HYP: And so it says to the security of the president.

REF: The Commission feels the Secret Service and the FBI, as well as the State Department and the CIA when the President travels abroad,
HYP: The Commission feels the Secret Service and the FBI, as well as the State Department, and the CIA when the President travels abroad.

REF: could improve their existing capacities and procedures so as to lessen the chances of assassination.
HYP: I have told their existing capacities and procedures so as to lessen the chances of assassination.

REF: Without, therefore, coming to final conclusions respecting the long-range organization of the President's security,
HYP: Without therefore coming to final conclusions respecting the long-range organization of the president's security.

REF: the Commission believes that the facts of the assassination of President Kennedy point to certain measures which,
HYP: The commission believes that the facts of the assassination of President Kennedy are going to certain measures with the facts of the assassination of President Kennedy.

REF: while assuming no radical relocation of responsibilities,
HYP: While assuming no radical relocation of responsibility.

REF: can and should be recommended by this Commission in the interest of the more efficient protection of the President.
HYP: and it should be recommended by this commission in the interest of the more efficient protection of the president.

REF: For more information, or to volunteer, please visit librivox dot org. Report of the President's Commission on the Assassination of President Kennedy.
HYP: For more information or to volunteer, please visit www.box.org. Report of the President's Commission on the Assassination of President Kennedy.

REF: The Warren Commission Report.
HYP: Thank you.

REF: By The President's Commission on the Assassination of President Kennedy. Chapter 8. The Protection of the President. Part 5.
HYP: The President's Commission on the Assassination of President Kennedy. Chapter 8. The Protection of the President.

REF: General Supervision of the Secret Service
HYP: Thank you.

REF: The intimacy of the Secret Service's relationship to the White House
HYP: The intimacy of the Secret Service's relationship to the White House.

REF: and the dissimilarity of its protective functions to most activities of the Department of the Treasury
HYP: and the dissimilarity of its protective functions to most activities of the department of the treasury.

REF: have made it difficult for the Treasury to maintain close and continuing supervision.
HYP: That made it difficult for the treasurer to maintain the force and continue the supervision of the

REF: The Commission believes that the recommended Cabinet-level committee will help to correct many of the major deficiencies of supervision
HYP: The Commission believes that the recommended cabinet level committee will help to correct many of the major deficiencies of supervision.

REF: disclosed by the Commission's investigation. Other measures should be taken as well to improve the overall operation of the Secret Service.
HYP: Disclosed by the Commission's investigation, other measures should be taken as well. To improve the overall operation of the Secret Service...

REF: Daily supervision of the operations of the Secret Service within the Department of the Treasury should be improved.
HYP: Daily supervision of the operations of the Secret Service within the Department of the Treasury should be approved.

REF: The Chief of the Service now reports to the Secretary of the Treasury
HYP: The Chief of the Service now reports to the Secretary of the Treasury.

REF: through an Assistant Secretary whose duties also include the direct supervision of the Bureau of the Mint
HYP: Thank you.

REF: and the Department's Employment Policy Program, and who also represents the Secretary of the Treasury on various committees and groups.
HYP: and the Department's Employment Policy Program, and also represents the Secretary of the Treasury on various committees and groups.

REF: The incumbent has no technical qualifications in the area of Presidential protection.
HYP: The incumbent has no technical qualifications in the aerial presidential protection.

REF: The Commission recommends that the Secretary of the Treasury appoint a special assistant with the responsibility of supervising the Service.
HYP: The Commission recommends that the Secretary of the Treasury appoint a special assistant for the responsibility of supervising his service.

REF: This special assistant should be required to have sufficient stature and experience in law enforcement, intelligence, or allied fields
HYP: This special assistant should be required to have sufficient stature and experience in law enforcement, intelligence, or a live field.

REF: to be able to provide effective continuing supervision
HYP: to be able to provide effective continuing supervision.

REF: and to keep the Secretary fully informed regarding all significant developments relating to Presidential protection.
HYP: and to keep the Secretary fully informed regarding all significant developments relating to presidential protection.

REF: This report has already pointed out several respects
HYP: This report has already pointed out several steps.

REF: in which the Commission believes that the Secret Service has operated with insufficient planning or control.
HYP: in which the Commission believes that the Secret Service has operated with insufficient planning for control.

REF: Actions by the Service since the assassination indicate its awareness of the necessity for substantial improvement in its administration.
HYP: Actions by the service since the assassination indicate its awareness of the necessity for the statute of improvement in its administration.

REF: A formal and thorough description of the responsibilities of the advance agent is now in preparation by the Service.
HYP: A formal and thorough description of the responsibilities of the advanced agent is now in preparation by the service.

REF: Work is going forward
HYP: Thank you.

REF: toward the preparation of formal understandings of the respective roles of the Secret Service and other agencies with which it collaborates
HYP: How is the preparation of formal understandings of the respective roles of the Secret Service and other agencies with which it collaborates?

REF: or from which it derives assistance and support.
HYP: ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

REF: The Commission urges that the Service continue this effort to overhaul and define its procedures.
HYP: The Commission urges that the service continues to overhaul and define procedures.

REF: While manuals and memoranda are no guarantee of effective operations,
HYP: While manuals and memorandum are no guarantee of effective operation.

REF: no sizable organization can achieve efficiency without the careful analysis and demarcation of responsibility
HYP: No sizable organization can achieve efficiency without the careful analysis and demotation of responsibility.

REF: that is reflected in definite and comprehensive operating procedures.
HYP: That is reflected in definite and comprehensive operating procedures.

REF: The Commission also recommends
HYP: Thank you.

REF: that the Secret Service consciously set about the task of inculcating and maintaining the highest standard of excellence and esprit, for all of its personnel.
HYP: That the Secret Service consciously set about the task of inflating and maintaining the highest standard of excellence and the strength for all its personnel.

REF: This involves tight and unswerving discipline as well as the promotion of an outstanding degree of dedication and loyalty to duty.
HYP: This involves type and unscoring discipline, as well as the promotion of an outstanding degree of dedication and loyalty to you.

REF: The Commission emphasizes that it finds no causal connection between the assassination
HYP: The commission emphasizes that it finds no causal connection between the assassination and the death of the police.

REF: and the breach of regulations which occurred on the night of November 21 at Fort Worth.
HYP: And the breach of regulations was occurred on the night of November 21st.

REF: Nevertheless, such a breach, in which so many agents participated,
HYP: Nevertheless, such a breeze in which so many agents participated.

REF: is not consistent with the standards which the responsibilities of the Secret Service require it to meet.
HYP: is

REF: Preventive Intelligence
HYP: Thank you.

REF: In attempting to identify those individuals who might prove a danger to the President,
HYP: In attempting to identify those individuals who might prove the danger to the president...

REF: the Secret Service has largely been the passive recipient of threatening communications to the President
HYP: The Secret Service has largely been the passive recipient of threatening communications to the President.

REF: and reports from other agencies which independently evaluate their information for potential sources of danger.
HYP: and reports from other agencies which independently evaluate their information from potential sources of danger.

REF: This was the consequence of the Service's lack of an adequate investigative staff,
HYP: This was the consequence of the services lack of an adequate investigative staff.

REF: its inability to process large amounts of data, and its failure to provide specific descriptions of the kind of information it sought.
HYP: It's inability to process large amounts of data and its failure to provide specific descriptions of the kind of information it's solved.

REF: The Secret Service has embarked upon a complete overhaul of its research activities. The staff of the Protective Research Section (PRS)
HYP: The Secret Service has embarked upon a complete overhaul of its research activities. The staff of the Protected Research Section PRS...

REF: has been augmented, and a Secret Service inspector has been put in charge of this operation. With the assistance of the President's Office of Science and Technology,
HYP: has been augmented and the Secret Service Inspector has been put in charge of this operation. With the assistance of the President's Office of Science and Technology...

REF: and of the Advanced Research Projects Agency of the Department of Defense,
HYP: and the Advanced Research Project Agency of the Department of Defense.

REF: it has obtained the services of outside consultants, such as the Rand Corporation,
HYP: It has obtained the services of outside consultants, such as the RAD Corporation.

REF: International Business Machines Corporation, and a panel of psychiatric and psychological experts.
HYP: International Business Machines Corporation, and a panel of psychiatric and psychological experts.

REF: It has received assistance also from data processing experts at the CIA
HYP: They have received assistance also from data processing experts at the CIA.

REF: and from a specialist in psychiatric prognostication at Walter Reed Hospital.
HYP: and from a specialist in psychiatric promocitation at Walter Reed Hospital.

REF: As a result of these studies, the planning document submitted by the Secretary of the Treasury to the Bureau of the Budget on August 31,
HYP: As a result of these studies, the planning document submitted by the Secretary of the Treasury to the Bureau of the Budget on Office 31.

REF: 1964, makes several significant recommendations in this field.
HYP: 1964 makes several significant recommendations in the steel.

REF: Based on the Commission's investigation, the following minimum goals for improvements are indicated:
HYP: Based on the Commission's investigation, the following minimum goals for improvements are indicated...

REF: Broader and more selective criteria
HYP: ...and more selective criteria...

REF: Since the assassination, both the Secret Service and the FBI have recognized
HYP: Since the assassination of the Secret Service and the FBI have recognized...

REF: that the PRS files can no longer be limited largely to persons communicating actual threats to the President.
HYP: that the pre-array's files can no longer be limited largely to persons communicating actual threats to the president.

REF: On December 26, 1963, the FBI circulated additional instructions to all its agents,
HYP: On December 26, 1963, the FBI circulated additional instructions to all its agents.

REF: specifying criteria for information to be furnished to the Secret Service in addition to that covered by the former standard,
HYP: Specifying criteria for information to be furnished to the secret service, in addition to that covered by the former standard.

REF: which was the possibility of an attempt against the person or safety of the President.
HYP: which was the possibility of an attempt against the person for safety of the president.

REF: he new instructions require FBI agents to report immediately information concerning, quote,
HYP: The new instructions require FBI agents to report immediately information concerning any specific. This has been an amazing session and because it's responsible for transactions, charged with cybersecurity safety.

REF: Subversives, ultrarightists, racists and fascists (a) possessing emotional instability or irrational behavior,
HYP: Subversives, ultra-cricists, racists, and fascists. A possessive emotional instability or rational behavior.

REF: (b) who have made threats of bodily harm against officials or employees of Federal, state or local government or officials of a foreign government,
HYP: We have made threats of violent harm against officials, foreign employees, or federal, state, or local governments. We have made threats of violent harm against officials, foreign employees, or federal, state, or local governments.

REF: (c) who express or have expressed strong or violent anti-U.S. sentiments
HYP: See who expressed or have expressed strong or violent and being sent to you.

REF: and who have been involved in bombing or bomb-making or whose past conduct indicates tendencies toward violence, and (d)
HYP: I could have been involved in bombing or vomiting or use past conduct. Indicates tendencies toward violence and abuse.

REF: whose prior acts or statements depict propensity for violence and hatred against organized government, end quote.
HYP: ...

REF: Alan H. Belmont, Assistant to the Director of the FBI, testified that this revision was initiated by the FBI itself.
HYP: Alan H. Belmont, assistant to the director of the FBI, testified that this revision was initiated by the FBI itself.

REF: The volume of references to the Secret Service has increased substantially since the new instructions went into effect;
HYP: The volume of references to the Secret Service has increased substantially since the new instructions went into the text.

REF: more than 5,000 names were referred to the Secret Service in the first 4 months of 1964.
HYP: More than 5,000 names were referred to the Secret Service in the first four months of 1964.

REF: According to Chief Rowley, by mid-June 1964,
HYP: Thank you.

REF: the Secret Service had received from the FBI some 9,000 reports on members of the Communist Party.
HYP: The Secret Service has received from the FBI some 9,000 reports on members of the Communist Party.

REF: The FBI now transmits information on all defectors, a category which would, of course, have included Oswald.
HYP: The FBI now transmits information on all detectors of categories for the force. Have indeed possible...

REF: Both Director Hoover and Belmont expressed to the Commission the great concern of the FBI, which is shared by the Secret Service,
HYP: ... ... ...

REF: that referrals to the Secret Service under the new criteria might, if not properly handled,
HYP: that the files to the Secret Service under the new criteria might, if not, possibly handle...

REF: result in some degree of interference with the personal liberty of those involved.
HYP: Result in some degree of interference with the personal liberty of those involved.

REF: They emphasized the necessity that the information now being furnished be handled with judgment and care.
HYP: They emphasize the necessity that the information I'll be furnished, be handled with judgment and care.

REF: The Commission shares this concern.
HYP: Pretty much.

REF: The problem is aggravated by the necessity that the Service obtain the assistance of local law enforcement officials in evaluating the information which it receives
HYP: The problem is aggravated by the necessity that the service is taking the assistance of local law enforcement officials in evaluating the information that is received.

REF: and in taking preventive steps.
HYP: I've been taking preventive steps.

REF: In June 1964, the Secret Service sent to a number of Federal law enforcement and intelligence agencies
HYP: In June 1964, the Secret Service sent to a number of federal law enforcement and intelligence agencies.

REF: guidelines for an experimental program to develop more detailed criteria.
HYP: guidelines for an experimental program to develop more detailed criteria.

REF: The suggestions of Federal agencies for revision of these guidelines were solicited.
HYP: The suggestions of federal agencies for revision of these guidelines were solicited.

REF: The new tentative criteria are useful in making clear that
HYP: The new tentative criteria are useful in making clear that...

REF: the interest of the Secret Service goes beyond information on individuals or groups threatening to cause harm or embarrassment to the President.
HYP: The interest of the Secret Service goes beyond information on individuals or groups threatening to cause far more embarrassment to the president.

REF: Information is requested also concerning individuals or groups who have demonstrated an interest in the President
HYP: Information is requested also concerning individuals or groups who have demonstrated an interest in the president.

REF: or, quote, other high government officials in the nature of a complaint coupled with an expressed or implied determination to use a means,
HYP: We have an alternative.

REF: other than legal or peaceful, to satisfy any grievance, real or imagined.
HYP: Other than we do not be useful to satisfy any freedoms we want to imagine.

REF: Under these criteria, whether the case should be referred to the Secret Service depends on the existence of a previous history of mental instability,
HYP: Under these criteria, whether the case should be referred to the Secret Service depends on the existence of a previous history of mental instability.

REF: propensity toward violent action, or some similar characteristic, coupled with some evaluation of the capability of the individual or group
HYP: Propensity to a violent action or some similar characteristic coupled with some evaluation of the capability of the individual.

REF: to further the intention to satisfy a grievance by unlawful means.
HYP: to further the intention to satisfy reasons by the law of the means.

REF: While these tentative criteria are a step in the right direction,
HYP: While these sensitive criteria are stepping in the right direction.

REF: they seem unduly restrictive in continuing to require some manifestation of animus against a Government official.
HYP: They seem unruly restricted in continuing to require some manifestation of an evisive against the government officials.

REF: It is questionable whether such criteria would have resulted in the referral of Oswald to the Secret Service.
HYP: It is questionable whether such criteria would have resulted in a referral of our fault to the Secret Service.

REF: Chief Rowley believed that they would,
HYP: Thank you.

REF: because of Oswald's demonstrated hostility toward the Secretary of the Navy in his letter of January 30, 1962. Quote,
HYP: because of Oswald's demonstrated hostility toward the Secretary of the Navy in this letter of January 30, 1962.

REF: I shall employ all means to right this gross mistake or injustice to a bona fide U.S. citizen and ex-service man.
HYP: I shall employ all means to write this prose to state court in justice to modify U.S. citizens and its servicemen.

REF: The U.S. government has no charges or complaints against me.
HYP: The U.S. government has no charges or complaints against me.

REF: I ask you to look into this case and take the necessary steps to repair the damage done to me and my family. End quote.
HYP: I ask you to look into this space and take the necessary steps to repair the damage done to me and my family and folks.

REF: Even with the advantage of hindsight, this letter does not appear to express or imply Oswald's, quote,
HYP: Even with the advantage of hindsight, this letter does not appear to express or imply awful hope.

REF: determination to use a means, other than legal or peaceful, to satisfy his grievance, end quote, within the meaning of the new criteria.
HYP: Determination to use the means other than legal or peaceful to satisfy these believers and hope within the meaning of the new criteria.

REF: It is apparent that a good deal of further consideration and experimentation will be required before adequate criteria can be framed.
HYP: It is apparent that a review of further consideration and experimentation will be required to form a criteria to be framed.

REF: The Commission recognizes that no set of meaningful criteria will yield the names of all potential assassins. Charles J. Guiteau,
HYP: The commission recognizes that no set of meaningful criteria will yield the names of all potential assassins. I'll be taking it out.

REF: Leon F. Czolgosz,
HYP: We are the best of all of us.

REF: John Schrank, and Guiseppe Zangara -- four assassins or would-be assassins
HYP: John Frank and Disappease Oncara, or Assassins or the Deep Assassins.

REF: were all men who acted alone in their criminal acts against our leaders. None had a serious record of prior violence.
HYP: For all men who acted among the criminal acts against our leaders, none had a serious record of fire and violence.

REF: Each of them was a failure in his work and in his relations with others, a victim of delusions and fancies which led to the conviction
HYP: Each of them was a failure in this world, and in this relation to others, a victim of delusions and fantasies, which led to the conviction of the world.

REF: that society and its leaders had combined to thwart him. It will require every available resource of our Government
HYP: That society and its leaders have combined to support them, it will require every available resource of our government.

REF: to devise a practical system which has any reasonable possibility of revealing such malcontents.
HYP: to devise a practical system which has any reasonable possibility of revealing such malcontent.

REF: Liaison with other agencies regarding intelligence.
HYP: We have talked with other agencies regarding intelligence.

REF: The Secret Service's liaison with the agencies that supply information to it has been too casual.
HYP: The Secret Services Liaison with the agencies that supply information to it has been to tackle...

REF: Since the assassination, the Service has recognized that these relationships must be far more formal
HYP: Since the assassination, the service has recognized that these relationships must be far more formal.

REF: and each agency given clear understanding of the assistance which the Secret Service expects.
HYP: At least agency given a clear understanding of the systems which the secret service expects.

REF: Once the Secret Service has formulated its new standards for collection of information, it should enter into written agreements with each Federal agency
HYP: Once the Secret Service has formulated its new standards for collection of information, it should enter into a new agreement with the Federal Agency.

REF: and the leading State and local agencies that might be a source of such information.
HYP: and the leading state and local agencies that might be a source of such information.

REF: Such agreements should describe in detail the information which is sought, the manner in which it will be provided to the Secret Service,
HYP: Such agreements to describe in detail the information which is solved, the manner in which it will be provided to the Secret Service.

REF: and the respective responsibilities for any further investigation that may be required.
HYP: and the respective responsibilities for any further investigation that may be required.

REF: This is especially necessary with regard to the FBI and CIA,
HYP: This is especially necessary with regard to the FBI and CIA.

REF: which carry the major responsibility for supplying information about potential threats,
HYP: which carry the major responsibility of supplying information about potential threats.

REF: particularly those arising from organized groups, within their special jurisdiction.
HYP: Particularly those who are in some organized groups within their special jurisdictions.

REF: Since these agencies are already obliged constantly to evaluate the activities of such groups,
HYP: Since these agencies are already obliged constantly to evaluate the activities of such groups...

REF: they should be responsible for advising the Secret Service if information develops indicating the existence of an assassination plot
HYP: They should be responsible for advising the Secret Service if information develops indicating the existence of an assassination file.

REF: and for reporting such events as a change in leadership or dogma which indicate that the group may present a danger to the President.
HYP: and for reporting such events as a change in leadership for Donald Trump, which indicates that the group may present a danger to the president.

REF: Detailed formal agreements embodying these arrangements should be worked out between the Secret Service and both of these agencies.
HYP: Detail of all agreements involving these arrangements should be worked out between the Secret Service and both of these agencies.

REF: It should be made clear that the Secret Service will in no way seek to duplicate the intelligence
HYP: It should be made clear that the Secret Service will always seek to do for things. The intelligence...

REF: and investigative capabilities of the agencies now operating in this field but will continue
HYP: and the investigative capabilities of the agencies now operating in this field. Let's go.

REF: to use the data developed by these agencies to carry out its special duties.
HYP: To use the data developed by these agencies to carry out its special duties.

REF: Once experience has been gained in implementing such agreements with the Federal and leading State and local agencies,
HYP: What experience has been gained in implementing such agreements to the federal and leading state and local agencies?

REF: the Secret Service, through its field offices,
HYP: The Secret Service is the way to steal all the food.

REF: should negotiate similar arrangements with such other State and local law enforcement agencies as may provide meaningful assistance.
HYP: to negotiate some arrangements with such other states and local law enforcement agencies as may provide meaningful assistance.

REF: Much useful information will come to the attention of local law enforcement agencies in the regular course of their activities,
HYP: Much useful information will come to the attention of local law enforcement agencies in the regular course of their activities.

REF: and this source should not be neglected by undue concentration on relationships with other Federal agencies.
HYP: and this source should not be neglected by and the concentration of relationships with other federal agencies.

REF: Finally, these agreements with Federal and local authorities will be of little value
HYP: Finally, these agreements with the federal and local authorities will be of little value.

REF: unless a system is established for the frequent formal review of activities thereunder. In this regard
HYP: Unless the system is established for the frequent follow-up view of activities, and the industry is required.

REF: the Commission notes with approval several recent measures taken and proposed by the Secret Service to improve its liaison arrangements.
HYP: The commission notes with approval, several recent measures taken and proposed by the Secret Service. The commission notes with approval, several recent measures taken and proposed by the Secret Service. The approval is made on the latest...

REF: In his testimony Secretary of the Treasury C. Douglas Dillon informed the Commission
HYP: In this testimony, Secretary of the Treasury C. Douglas Gillis informed the commission...

REF: that an interagency committee has been established to develop more effective criteria.
HYP: eine alter Sedex zugart uh gewinnen ist sie

REF: According to Secretary Dillon,
HYP: Thank you.

REF: the Committee will include representatives of the President's Office of Science and Technology, Department of Defense, CIA,
HYP: The committee will include representatives of the President's Office of Science and Technology, Department of Defense, CIA, and the Department of Defense.

REF: FBI, and the Secret Service.
HYP: FBI and the Secret Service.

REF: In addition, the Department of the Treasury has requested five additional agents for its Protective Research Section
HYP: In addition, the Department of the Treasury has requested five additional agents for its protective research section.

REF: to serve as liaison officers with law enforcement and intelligence agencies. On the basis of the Department's review during the past several months,
HYP: To serve as liaison officers with law enforcement and intelligence agencies on the basis of the department's review during the past several months.

REF: Secretary Dillon testified that the use of such liaison officers is the only effective way to insure that adequate liaison is maintained.
HYP: Secretary Dillon testified that the use of such liaison officers is the only effective way to ensure that adequate liaison is maintained.

REF: As a beginning step to improve liaison with local law enforcement officials, the Secret Service on August 26, 1964,
HYP: At the beginning, step 2, we'll be on with local law enforcement officials. The Secret Service on August 26, 1964.

REF: directed its field representatives to send a form request for intelligence information to all local,
HYP: ...directed its field representatives to send a form request for intelligence information to all of the...

REF: county, and State law enforcement agencies in their districts.
HYP: and state law enforcement agencies in their district.

REF: Each of these efforts appears sound,
HYP: Thank you.

REF: and the Commission recommends that these and the other measures suggested by the Commission be pursued vigorously by Secret Service.
HYP: And the commission recommends that these and the other measures suggested by the commission be pursued vigorously by secret service.

REF: Automatic data processing
HYP: automatic VG processing . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

REF: Unless the Secret Service is able to deal rapidly and accurately with a growing body of data,
HYP: Unless the Secret Service is able to deal rapidly and actively with the growing body of data.

REF: the increased information supplied by other agencies will be wasted.
HYP: The increased information supplied by other agencies will be wasted.

REF: PRS must develop the capacity to classify its subjects on a more sophisticated basis than the present geographic breakdown.
HYP: The IRS must develop the capacity to classify subjects on a more sophisticated basis, and the present geographic breakdown...

REF: Its present manual filing system is obsolete;
HYP: It's present manual filing system is also...

REF: it makes no use of the recent developments in automatic data processing which are widely used in the business world and in other Government offices.
HYP: It makes no use of the recent developments in automatic data processing, which are widely used in the business world and in other government offices.

REF: The Secret Service and the Department of the Treasury now recognize this critical need.
HYP: The Secret Service of the Department of the Treasury now recognizes this critical need.

REF: In the planning document currently under review by the Bureau of the Budget, the Department recommends that it be permitted to hire five qualified persons, quote,
HYP: In the planning document currently under review by the Bureau of the Budget, the department recommends that it be permitted to hire five qualified persons.

REF: to plan and develop a workable and efficient automated file and retrieval system, end quote.
HYP: To plan and develop a workable and efficient automated file and retrieval system in full...

REF: Also the Department requests the sum of $100,000 to conduct a detailed feasibility study;
HYP: Also, the department requests the sum of $100,000 to conduct the detailed feasibility study.

REF: this money would be used to compensate consultants, to lease standard equipment or to purchase specially designed pilot equipment.
HYP: This might be used to compensate consultants to use standard equipment or to purchase specially designed pilot equipment.

REF: On the basis of such a feasibility study,
HYP: On the basis of such a feasibility study...

REF: the Department hopes to design a practical system which will fully meet the needs of the Protective Research Section of the Secret Service.
HYP: The department hopes to design a practical system which will follow the needs of the protective research section of the secret service.

REF: The Commission recommends that prompt and favorable consideration be given to this request.
HYP: The Commission recommends that some and favorable considerations be given to this request.

REF: The Commission further recommends that the Secret Service coordinate its planning as closely as possible with all of the Federal agencies from which it receives information.
HYP: The Commission further recommends that the Secret Service coordinate its planning as closely as possible with all of the federal agencies from which it receives information.

REF: The Secret Service should not and does not plan to develop its own intelligence gathering facilities to duplicate the existing facilities of other Federal agencies.
HYP: The Secret Service did not and does not plan to develop its own intelligence gathering facilities. Could you look at the existing facilities of other federal agencies?

REF: In planning its data processing techniques,
HYP: Thank you.

REF: the Secret Service should attempt to develop a system compatible with those of the agencies from which most of its data will come. Note:
HYP: A secret service should attempt to develop a system compatible with those of the agencies, of which most of its people will come to know.

REF: In evaluating data processing techniques of the Secret Service,
HYP: In evaluating data processing techniques of the Secret Service.

REF: the Commission had occasion to become informed, to a limited extent, about the data processing techniques of other Federal intelligence and law enforcement agencies.
HYP: The Commission had occasion to become informed to a limited extent about the data processing techniques of other federal intelligence and law enforcement agencies.

REF: The Commission was struck by the apparent lack of effort, on an interagency basis,
HYP: The commission was struck by the apparent lack of effort on an interagency basis.

REF: to develop coordinated and mutually compatible systems, even where such coordination would not seem inconsistent
HYP: to develop coordinated and mutually compatible systems, even where such coordination would not seem inconsistent.

REF: with the particular purposes of the agency involved. The Commission recognizes that this is a controversial area
HYP: For the particular purposes of the agency involved, the Commission recognizes that this is a controversial area of the Commission.

REF: and that many strongly held views are advanced in resistance to any suggestion that an effort be made to impose any degree of coordination.
HYP: and that many strongly held views are advanced in resistance to any suggestion that an effort be made to oppose any degree of coordination.

REF: This matter is obviously beyond the jurisdiction of the Commission,
HYP: This matter is obviously beyond the jurisdiction of the Commission.

REF: but it seems to warrant further study before each agency becomes irrevocably committed to separate action.
HYP: But it seems to be a part of the study before each agency becomes irrevocably committed to separate action.

REF: The Commission, therefore, recommends that the President consider ordering an inquiry into the possibility
HYP: The Commission will recommend that the President consider ordering the inquiry into the possibility of the

REF: that coordination might be achieved to a greater extent than seems now to be contemplated, without interference with the primary mission of each agency involved.
HYP: that colonization might be achieved to a greater extent and seems now to be contemplated without interference to the primary mission of the agency involved.

REF: Protective Research participation in advance arrangements.
HYP: Protected research, participation, and invasorations.

REF: Since the assassination, Secret Service procedures have been changed to require that a member of PRS accompany each advance survey team
HYP: Since the assassination, secret service procedures have been changed to require that a member of the IRS accompany the Vance Survey Team.

REF: to establish liaison with local intelligence gathering agencies and to provide for the immediate evaluation of information received from them.
HYP: To establish, we aid all the local intelligence gathering agencies and to provide for the immediate evaluation of information received from them.

REF: This PRS agent will also be responsible for establishing an informal local liaison committee
HYP: This is the IRS agent who also will be responsible for establishing an informal book for these opportunities.

REF: to make certain that all protective intelligence activities are coordinated.
HYP: To make certain that all protective intelligence activities are all needed.

REF: Based on its experience during this period, the Secret Service now recommends that additional personnel be made available to PRS
HYP: Based on its experience during this period, the Secret Service now recommends that additional personnel be made available to PRS.

REF: so that these arrangements can be made permanent without adversely affecting the operations of the Service's field offices.
HYP: so that these arrangements can be made permanent without adversely affecting the operations of the services field offices.

REF: The Commission regards this as a most useful innovation and urges that the practice be continued.
HYP: The Commission regards this as a most useful innovation and urges that the practice be continued.

REF: Liaison With Local Law Enforcement Agencies
HYP: We aim to work with local law enforcement agencies.

REF: Advice by the Secret Service to local police in metropolitan areas relating to the assistance expected in connection with a Presidential visit
HYP: ...advised by the Secret Service to local police in the metropolitan area relating to the assistance expected in connection with the presidential visit.

REF: has hitherto been handled on an informal basis.
HYP: Thank you.

REF: The Service should consider preparing formal explanations of the cooperation anticipated during a Presidential visit to a city,
HYP: The service should consider preparing formal explanations of the cooperation anticipated during the presidential visit to the city.

REF: in formats that can be communicated to each level of local authorities.
HYP: in formats that can be communicated to each level of local priorities.

REF: Thus, the local chief of police could be given a master plan, prepared for the occasion, of all protective measures to be taken during the visit;
HYP: Thus, the local chief of police will be given a master plan prepared for the occasion of all protective measures to be taken during the visit.

REF: each patrolman might be given a prepared booklet of instructions explaining what is expected of him. The Secret Service has expressed concern
HYP: Each patrolman might be given a prepared booklet of instructions explaining what is expected of him. The Secret Service has expressed his son.

REF: that written instructions might come into the hands of local newspapers, to the prejudice of the precautions described.
HYP: The frequent instructions might come into the hands of local newspapers to the prejudice of the proportions described.

REF: However, the instructions must be communicated to the local police in any event and can be leaked to the press whether or not they are in writing.
HYP: However, the instructions must be communicated to the local police at any event, and can you leave it to the press window or not they are invited?

REF: More importantly, the lack of carefully prepared and carefully transmitted instructions for typical visits to cities
HYP: More importantly, the lack of carefully prepared and carefully translated instructions to the whole business facility.

REF: can lead to lapses in protection, such as the confusion in Dallas about whether members of the public were permitted on overpasses.
HYP: It led to lapses in protection, such as the confusion in Dallas about whether members of the public were committed on overpassing...

REF: Such instructions will not fit all circumstances, of course,
HYP: Such instructions will not fit all circumstances of course.

REF: and should not be relied upon to the detriment of the imaginative application of judgment in special cases.
HYP: and should not be relied upon to the detriment of the imaginative application of judgment in special cases.

REF: Inspection of Buildings
HYP: Thank you.

REF: Since the assassination of President Kennedy, the Secret Service has been experimenting with new techniques in the inspection of buildings along a motorcade route.
HYP: Since the assassination of President Kennedy, the Secret Service has been experimenting with new techniques in the inspection of buildings along the military.

REF: According to Secretary Dillon,
HYP: According to Century

REF: the studies indicate that there is some utility in attempting to designate certain buildings as involving a higher risk than others.
HYP: The studies indicate that there is some utility in attempting to designate certain buildings as involving a higher risk than others.

REF: The Commission strongly encourages these efforts to improve protection along a motorcade route.
HYP: The Commission's calling encourages these efforts to include protection along the same route.

REF: The Secret Service should utilize the personnel of other Federal law enforcement offices
HYP: The secret service can be applied to personnel of the Federal Law Enforcement Office.

REF: in the locality to assure adequate manpower for this task, as it is now doing.
HYP: In the locality to Shurek, with man's power from the staff, as it is now doing...

REF: Lack of adequate resources is an unacceptable excuse for failing to improve advance precautions
HYP: Lack of adequate resources is an unacceptable excuse for failing to improve advanced precautions.

REF: in this crucial area of Presidential protection.
HYP: In this crucial area of presidential protection...

REF: Secret Service Personnel and Facilities
HYP: Secret Service personnel and facilities.

REF: Testimony and other evidence before the Commission
HYP: Testimony and other evidence before the commission is

REF: suggest that the Secret Service is trying to accomplish its job with too few people and without adequate modern equipment.
HYP: ...suggest that the Secret Service is trying to accomplish its job with 50 people and without adequate modern equipment...

REF: Although Chief Rowley does not complain about the pay scale for Secret Service agents,
HYP: Although Chief Foley does not complain about the pay scale for Secret Service agent.

REF: salaries are below those of the FBI and leading municipal police forces.
HYP: Salaries are the long nose of the FBI and leading municipal police forces.

REF: The assistant to the Director of the FBI testified that
HYP: The system to the director of the FBI testified that...

REF: the caseload of each FBI agent averaged 20 to 25, and he felt that this was high.
HYP: The case load of each FBI agent averaged 22 to 25, and he felt that this was high.

REF: Chief Rowley testified that the present workload of each Secret Service agent averages 110.1 cases.
HYP: Chief Hawley testified that the present for phone of each Secret Service agent averages 110.1 cases.

REF: While these statistics relate to the activities of Secret Service agents stationed in field offices and not the White House detail,
HYP: While these statistics relate to the activities of Secret Service agents, stations, and field offices, and not the White House details...

REF: field agents supplement those on the detail, particularly when the President is traveling.
HYP: The old age is supplement those on the details, particularly when the president is traveling.

REF: Although the Commission does not know whether the cases involved are entirely comparable,
HYP: Although the commission does not know whether the cases involved are entirely comfortable.

REF: these figures suggest that the agents of the Secret Service are substantially overworked.
HYP: These figures suggest that the agents of the Secret Service are substantially overlooked.

REF: In its budget request for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 1964,
HYP: In its pilot request for the fiscal year beginning July 1, 1964.

REF: the Secret Service sought funds for 25 new positions, primarily in field offices. This increase has been approved by the Congress.
HYP: The Secret Service has solved funds for 25 new positions, primarily in field offices. This increase has been approved by the Congress.

REF: Chief Rowley explained that this would not provide enough additional manpower to take all the measures which he considers required.
HYP: Chief Fowley explained that this would not provide enough additional manpower to take all measures which he considers required.

REF: However, the 1964 to 65 budget request was submitted in November 1963
HYP: However, the 1964-65 budget request was submitted in November 1963.

REF: and requests for additional personnel were not made because of the studies then being conducted.
HYP: and requests for additional personnel were not made because of the studies that were conducted.

REF: The Secret Service has now presented its recommendations to the Bureau of the Budget. The plan proposed by the Service
HYP: The Secret Service has now presented its recommendations to the Bureau of the Budget. The plan proposed by the Service...

REF: would take approximately 20 months to implement and require expenditures of approximately $3,000,000 during that period.
HYP: would take approximately 20 months to implement and require expenditures of approximately $3 million during that period.

REF: The plan provides for an additional 205 agents for the Secret Service. Seventeen of this number are proposed for the Protective Research Section;
HYP: The plan provides an additional 205 agents for the secret service. 17 of this number are proposed for the protected research section.

REF: 145 are proposed for the field offices to handle the increased volume of security investigations
HYP: 145 are proposed to the field offices to handle the increased volume of security investigation.

REF: and be available to protect the President or Vice President when they travel;
HYP: and be available to protect the president or vice president when they travel.

REF: 18 agents are proposed for a rotating pool which will go through an intensive training cycle and also be available to supplement the White House detail
HYP: 18 agents are proposed for a long-term fall, which will go through an intensive training cycle and also be available to supplement the White House details.

REF: in case of unexpected need; and 25 additional agents are recommended to provide the Vice President full protection.
HYP: In case of unexpected need, I'm 25. Additional agents are recommended to provide the Vice President's full protection.

REF: The Commission urges that the Bureau of the Budget review these recommendations with the Secret Service and authorize a request for the necessary supplemental appropriation,
HYP: The Commission urges that the Bureau of the Budget Reviews recommendations for the Secret Service and authorize a request for the necessary supplemental appropriation.

REF: as soon as it can be justified. The Congress has often stressed that it will support any reasonable request for funds for the protection of the President.
HYP: As soon as it can be justified, the Congress has often stressed that it will support any reasonable request for funds for the protection of the president.

REF: Manpower and Technical Assistance From Other Agencies
HYP: and power and technical assistance from other agencies.

REF: Before the assassination the Secret Service infrequently requested other Federal law enforcement agencies to provide personnel
HYP: Before the assassination, the Secret Service is frequently requested under federal law enforcement agencies to provide personnel.

REF: to assist in its protection functions.
HYP: Thank you.

REF: Since the assassination, the Service has experimented with the use of agents borrowed for short periods from such agencies.
HYP: Since the assassination, the service has experimented with the use of agents borrowed for short periods from such agencies.

REF: It has used other Treasury law enforcement agents on special experiments in building and route surveys in places to which the President frequently travels.
HYP: It has used other treasuring law enforcement agents on special experiments in building and group surveys in places to which the president frequently travels.

REF: It has also used other Federal law enforcement agents during Presidential visits to cities in which such agents are stationed.
HYP: It has also used other federal law enforcement agents during presidential visits to cities in which such agents are stationed.

REF: Thus, in the 4 months following the assassination,
HYP: Thus, in the form of the following assassination...

REF: the FBI, on 16 separate occasions, supplied a total of 139 agents to assist in protection work during a Presidential visit,
HYP: The FBI on 16 separate occasions supplied a couple of 139 agents to assist in protection during a presidential visit.

REF: which represents a departure from its prior practice.
HYP: which represents a departure from the inspired practice.

REF: From February 11 through June 30, 1964,
HYP: On February 11, June 30, 1964.

REF: the Service had the advantage of 9,500 hours of work by other enforcement agencies.
HYP: The service has the advantage of $9,500 of work by other enforcement agencies.

REF: The FBI has indicated that it is willing to continue to make such assistance available,
HYP: The FBI has indicated that it is willing to continue to make such assistance available.

REF: even though it agrees with the Secret Service that it is preferable for the Service to have enough agents to handle all protective demands.
HYP: Even though it agrees with the secret service that it is preferable for the service to have enough agents to handle all protective equipment.

REF: The Commission endorses these efforts to supplement the Service's own personnel by obtaining, for short periods of time,
HYP: The Commission endorses these efforts to supplement the services on personnel by obtaining personal periods of time.

REF: the assistance of trained Federal law enforcement officers.
HYP: The assistance of the Green Federal Law Enforcement Officers.

REF: In view of the ever-increasing mobility of American Presidents, it seems unlikely that the Service could or should increase its own staff to a size
HYP: In view of the ever-increasing mobility of American presidents, it seems unlikely that the service of the force should increase its own staff inside.

REF: which would permit it to provide adequate protective manpower for all situations.
HYP: which was committed to provide adequate protective manpower for all situations.

REF: The Commission recommends that the agencies involved determine how much periodic assistance they can provide, and that each such agency
HYP: The commission recommends that the agencies involve determine how much periodic assistance they can provide and that each such agency...

REF: and the Secret Service enter into a formal agreement defining such arrangements.
HYP: Have a secret service entered into a form of freedom to find such a way to...

REF: It may eventually be desirable to codify the practice in an Executive order.
HYP: It may eventually be desirable to come to final practice in an executive order.

REF: The Secret Service will be better able to plan its own long-range personnel requirements if it knows with reasonable certainty
HYP: The Secret Service will be better able to plan its own long-range personnel requirements if it knows with reasonable certainty.

REF: the amount of assistance that it can expect from other agencies.
HYP: The amount of assistance that we can expect from other agencies.

REF: The occasional use of personnel from other Federal agencies to assist in protecting the President has a further advantage. It symbolizes the reality
HYP: Occasional use of personnel from other federal agencies to assist in protecting the president has a further advantage that symbolizes the reality of the war.

REF: that the job of protecting the President has not been and cannot be exclusively the responsibility of the Secret Service.
HYP: that the job of protecting the president has not been and cannot be exclusively the responsibility of the secret service.

REF: The Secret Service in the past has sometimes guarded its right to be acknowledged as the sole protector of the Chief Executive.
HYP: The secret service in the past has sometimes guarded its right to be acknowledged as the sole protector of the chief executive.

REF: This no longer appears to be the case.
HYP: This now all appears to be the case.

REF: Protecting the President is a difficult and complex task which requires full use of the best resources of many parts of our Government.
HYP: Protecting the president is a difficult and complex task, which requires the use of the best resources of many parts of our government.

REF: Recognition that the responsibility must be shared increases the likelihood that it will be met.
HYP: Recognition that the responsibility must be shared increases the likely place in medical events.

REF: Much of the Secret Service work requires the development and use of highly sophisticated equipment,
HYP: Much of the secret service work requires the development and use of highly sophisticated equipment.

REF: some of which must be specially designed to fit unique requirements. Even before the assassination, and to a far greater extent thereafter,
HYP: some of which must be specially designed to continue requirements even before the assassination and to a far greater extent thereafter.

REF: the Secret Service has been receiving full cooperation in scientific research and technological development
HYP: The Secret Service has been receiving full cooperation in scientific research and technological development.

REF: from many Government agencies including the Department of Defense and the President's Office of Science and Technology.
HYP: How many government agencies, including the Department of Defense and the President's Office of Science and Technology...

REF: Even if the manpower and technological resources of the Secret Service are adequately augmented,
HYP: Even if the manpower and technological resources of the secret service are adequately augmented.

REF: it will continue to rely in many respects upon the greater resources of the Office of Science and Technology and other agencies.
HYP: It will continue to rely in many respects upon the greater resources of the Office of Science and Technology and other agencies.

REF: The Commission recommends that the present arrangements
HYP: The Commission recommends that the Presidentently gives excellence, and who toward Re домasc bazrified US-15 inspiration

REF: with the Office of Science and Technology and the other Federal agencies that have been so helpful to the Secret Service be placed on a permanent and formal basis.
HYP: With the Office of Science and Technology and the other federal agencies that have been so helpful for the secret service, we placed on a permanent and formal basis...

REF: The exchange of letters dated August 31, 1964,
HYP: The exchange of letters dated August 31, 1964.

REF: between Secretary Dillon and Donald F. Hornig, Special Assistant to the President for Science and Technology, is a useful effort in the right direction.
HYP: The pre-secretary bill is a special assistant to the president for science and technology. It is a useful effort in the right direction.

REF: The Service should negotiate a memorandum of understanding with each agency that has been assisting it and from which it can expect to need help in the future.
HYP: The service should negotiate the memorandum of understanding the new change in state that has been assisted in and from which you can expect to be helped in the future.

REF: The essential terms of such memoranda might well be embodied in an Executive order.
HYP: The essential terms of such memorandum might all be embodied in an executive order.

REF: This Commission can recommend no procedures for the future protection of our Presidents which will guarantee security.
HYP: This commission can recommend no procedures for the future protection of all presidents, which will guarantee security.

REF: The demands on the President in the execution of His responsibilities in today's world are so varied and complex
HYP: The demands of the president in the execution of his responsibilities in today's world are so varied and complex.

REF: and the traditions of the office in a democracy such as ours are so deep-seated as to preclude absolute security.
HYP: and the traditions of the office of the democracy, such as ours, are so being seated as to complete absolute security.

REF: The Commission has, however, from its examination of the facts of President Kennedy's assassination
HYP: The Commission has, however, on its examination of the facts of President Kennedy's assassination...

REF: made certain recommendations which it believes would, if adopted,
HYP: ...based certain recommendations which it believes would get adopted.

REF: materially improve upon the procedures in effect at the time of President Kennedy's assassination and result in a substantial lessening of the danger.
HYP: ...materially improved upon the procedures in effect at the time of President Kennedy's assassination. As a result, innocent stand for lessening of the danger...

REF: As has been pointed out, the Commission has not resolved all the proposals which could be made. The Commission nevertheless is confident that,
HYP: As has been pointed out, the commission has not resolved all the proposals that could be made. The commission, nevertheless, is confident that...

REF: with the active cooperation of the responsible agencies and with the understanding of the people of the United States in their demands upon their President,
HYP: with the active cooperation of the responsible agencies and with the understanding of the people of the United States and their demands upon their presidents.

REF: the recommendations we have here suggested would greatly advance the security of the office without any impairment of our fundamental liberties.
HYP: The recommendations we have here suggested would greatly advance the security of law justice without any impairment of our fundamental liberty.

